if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : 1. remains of ancient planet theia were discovered inside earth, which once collided with earth to form moon. 2. in addition to gaining weight, long-term high-fat diet can also affect brain cells. 3. satellite remote sensing documents humanitarian disaster in gaza (now, month later, situation has worsened)  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : on eve of this apec summit, san francisco, host city, carried out large-scale rectification to clean up city appearance. famous tourist attraction "tent city" in san francisco gone, and 8,000 homeless people disappeared overnight. some american journa broke their guard and questioned that social problems in united states have not been solved because of inaction of  . government. if they really made up their mind, wouldn't this be solved?  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org #france #palestine-israeliconflict #macron #eu #israel on 12th local time, nearly 200,000 people held demonstrations in paris, france and other cities to protest against "anti-semitic acts." in context of new round of palestinian-israeli conflict, france reported more than 1,240 anti-semitic incidents in past month. how macron face 500,000 jews and 7 million muslims in country? let’s hear what mr. song luzheng, researcher at   institute of fudan university, has just returned from france.~  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org #中国 #中国科技 #中药 #chip this issue of technology critical points introduce: 1. tsinghua team develops an optoelectronic fusion chip with computing power more than 3,000 times that of commercial gpus, promoting construction of an eco-friendly ai computing framework 2. scientists discover therapeutic mechanism of traditional   medicine based on complex protein networks - 3,000 years before modern science 3.   scientists reveal protective effect of vitamin c on spinal cord aging in primates 4. carbon cycle? ketogenic diet? how to eat carbohydrates and what to eat?  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org following "anti-  mouthpiece" morrison, new australian prime minister came to power, and his attitude towards   has simply turned 180 degrees. ,  -australia relations turn around? #中国 #australia # -australia relations  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : teacher shi has repeatedly emphasized that when discussing local debt, we cannot leave out assets behind it.but how much  local assets worth? how to judge? how to make good use of these assets to solve debt problems? i believe that teacher shi’s interpretation bring new ideas to everyone.  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : since palestinian-israeli conflict, not only arab world against israel, but also latin america, known as "backyard" of united states, has stood up against israel. they  thousands of miles away from middle east,  they against israel? opposite united states! opposite israel supported by united states! it can only be that united states' influence in international public opinion and geopolitics accelerating its decline.  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : this issue of technology critical points introduce: 1. competitive landscape in field of robotics has changed.   has surpassed japan and europe to rank second. what  research differences between   and united states? 2.   announced ten deep space exploration projects in next 15 years, including three fields: lunar exploration, planetary exploration, and launch technology. 3. united states intends to restrict risc-v cooperative research and development, it open next front line in chip war?  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  ethics and politics same thing? in his lecture "the struggle for power," jeffrey sachs charts shift in western political philosophy that has brought closer than ever to outbreak of nuclear war. teacher wen yang quoted ancient   philosophers such as confucius and xunzi to respond to sachs  views. teacher believed that modern western civilization actually major moral and intellectual regression...  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org #中国 #中国 chip #中美游戏 this issue of technology critical point introduce following contents: 1. new ban on ai chips in united states implemented ahead of schedule. nvidia gpu and rtx4090  both restricted, and domestic substitution only solution. 2.  ’s “sea bell project” build world’s largest underwater neutrino telescope array in south   sea. 3. research has found that abnormal occurrence of super typhoons caused by global warming caused by human greenhouse gas emissions.  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : in last episode of program, teacher shi shared his views on debt crisis. in this video, teacher shi talk about his views on real estate crisis in detail. as country centered on interests of people, what should be our vision in real estate industry? everyone welcome to discuss~  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : 1. tsinghua university has developed world’s first fully system-integrated “storage and computing integrated” chip that supports efficient on-chip learning. 2. chang'e-6 go to far side of moon in 2024 as originally planned to conduct sampling 3. way ahead! "jiuzhang no. 3" comes out, hundred billion times faster than supercomputer 4. modern scientific research has found that traditional   medicine dajianzhong decoction improves cognitive aging.  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel freeto email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : recently, major real estate companies have been hit by thunder, and public opinions about local debt crisis have been frequent. biden has also come out to say that    economy "ticking time bomb." many domestic vs "deeply feel same." in past, foreign articles that talked about    economy have been reprinted. when i came out, it was very lively for while. we  honored to invite mr. shi zhengfu to give detailed talk about    economy. first issue start with debt crisis.  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org lithography machines  most core equipment for chip manufacturing, and most sophisticated euv lithography machines  most accurate and most advanced ones that humans can currently manufacture. complex machines. why there only dutch company, asml, in world that can produce euv lithography machines? what  difficulties in overcoming lithography machine technology?  if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : we invite our audience to panel discussion with 4 popular analysts who have been closely following armed conflict in ukraine for past 1.5 years. many people have been providing regular updates from their fields of expertise. from political analysis to military analysis to social analysis. focus of most analyses by experts present, they use known facts to analyze current state of events and speculating about motivations and potential next steps of actors involved. however, big yet rarely touched question is: where all of it lead? can predictions about future be made? ukraine, russia, united states, eu,  , nato, brics: after 1.5 years of international armed conflict in ukraine - can we find consensus on who winning, who losing, and how things turn out in long term? our pane provide summary of what they believe future holds. expert pane s: alex from reporterfy media: alex canadian journa  based in   who has been following conflict closely with special focus on frontline reports of independent american war reporter patrick lancaster. check out his channel here:  brian berletic: former marine based in thailand running new atlas   channel, which focuses on geostrategy and military capabilities. check out his channel here:  jason pengcheng: popular anonymous   analyst and opinion leader on bilibili who has been analyzing war with strong focus on military strategy. check out his channel here:  michael rossi: professor for political science and russia expert, famous for making full english translations of speeches delivered by key representatives of russian and ukrainian governments available online. check out his channel here:  relations #one belt road #rmb internationalization if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org #中美 relations #中美游戏 #中美 relations if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org #  #russia #ukrainewar #us #cia #reaction #wagner #prigozhin #putin if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org  join our telegram discussion group by link: for more trending stories and tech news in  , please  : for more latest   tech news podcasts, please  : if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at hello@the academy.org if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to emailus at hello@the academy.orgenglish videos be first uploaded at @guan video global global times editor-in-chief hu xijin updated his account and transferred it to @胡西jinglobal times hu xijin technology program updates moved to @yuan  multiverse technology yuan ren —————————————— if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to guanvideo@gmail.com. if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at guanvideo@gmail.com.english videos be first uploaded at @guan video global global times editor-in-chief hu xijin updated his account and transferred it to @胡西jinglobal times hu xijin technology program updates moved to @yuan  multiverse technology yuan ren —————————————— if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to guanvideo@gmail.com. if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at guanvideo@gmail.com.english videos be first uploaded at @guan video global global times editor-in-chief hu xijin updated his account and transferred it to @胡西jinglobal times hu xijin technology program updates moved to @yuan  multiverse technology yuan ren —————————————— if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to guanvideo@gmail.com. if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at guanvideo@gmail.com.【program update  】 hu xijin: daily broadcast on weekdays meishan sword theory: updated on time every tuesday bedtime news: updated every tuesday, friday and sunday, with updates added frequently also said: updated every wednesday extraordinary: updated every saturday talking about book series: updated every sunday a spoonful of thoughts: updated from time to time every week for technology programs, please go to @ yuan  multiverse technology yuanren  episodes with subtitles: tuesday:the meishan swordman, chen ping monday to friday: hu says, hu xijin, by global times chief.  【complete series with english subtitles:】  [is democracy in  . travesty? ] [what like to be member of cpc?] [the   way by zhang weiwei] [international scholars perspectives on  ] [fudan university professor  perspectives on europe] —————————————— if you have any suggestions for videos, please send an email to guanvideo@gmail.com. if there any advice and suggestions, feel free to email at guanvideo@gmail.com.   to channel for more exciting content:  the female student answering questions in class named hulan. she from ulaanbaatar city, mongolia. she currently sophomore in high school at no. 3 middle school in erenhot city, inner mongolia autonomous region (hereinafter referred to as no. 3 middle school). few years ago, hulan  parents took her to erenhot to study, and they stayed here to work and study with her. they planned to return to mongolia after hulan was admitted to   university.ancient country.  on 17th, reporter went to no. 3 middle school and visited mongolian students like hulan who were studying in high schools in  . when talking about biggest gain, most of them mentioned "friendship" first.   to channel and get more exciting content:  on november 15, local time,   president xi jinping held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. this first face-to-face meeting between two heads of state after their meeting in bali last year, and international community paying close attention to it.  the current international situation intertwined with chaos and events, and sino-us relations  also at critical crossroads. from bali to san francisco, what important message does meeting between two heads of state send to outside world after year? what impact interaction between   and presidents at this critical moment have on relations between two countries?   news service  "  focus face to face" invited gao fei, vice president of   foreign affairs university, to give an interpretation.   to channel and get more exciting content:   omnidirectional controllable intelligent operating robots, deep-sea dolphin-like robotic fish... on november 17, 12th "tiangong cup" graduate innovation experiment competition of nanjing university of aeronautics and astronautics was held at jiangjun road campus of school.  at scene, deep-sea dolphin-like robotic fish was really eye-catching. chen xinrong, member of project team, that this intelligent robot based on efficient swimming gait and other characteristics of dolphins to overcome problems of difficult and costly dynamic sealing of traditional electromagnetic motors in deep sea. future application scenario 10,000 meters deep sea (the whole sea deep) seabed exploration and other tasks.  this year  entries cover aerospace, mechanical processing, information and communications, materials and chemical engineering, artificial intelligence and other fields. 68 of latest scientific and technological innovation works of year participated in competition, demonstrating innovative thinking and practical ability of graduate students. it reported that this competition divided into two stages: preliminary and finals.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, collection of poems "i love world awkwardly" by "takeaway poet" wang jibing has become popular. with help of short video accounts, this poetry collection sold more than 2,000 copies in less than day.  wang jibing was born in xuzhou, jiangsu province in 1969 and has been interested in literature since he was child. when he was 23 years old, wang jibing wrote 2,000-word micro-novel "the car enters village". since 2019, he has written more than 5,000 poems, recording real life and insights in simple and unpretentious language, and has also received many honors.   to channel and get more exciting content:   this year, tibet qiongniao american football team made its debut in game of     football league (cnfl) national league, becoming first ethnic minority team in league.  in lhasa, more than 12,000 kilometers away from venue of super bowl, this group of young people, ranging from high school students aged 17 or 18 to those in their 40s who have been working for many years,  training by lhasa river in early winter, preparing for next after season of preparation, tackling, collision, running..., they formed beautiful landscape of diverse tibet and tibet that closely connected to world..   to channel and get more exciting content:   on november 18, 15th straits forum·chen jinggu cultural festival opened at linshui palace in gutian county, ningde city, fujian province. believers from both sides of taiwan strait gathered at ancestral temple to pray for blessings and express friendship.  this year  chen jinggu cultural festival has theme of "one thousand years of love on waterfront and family on both sides". believers on both sides of taiwan strait worship mother of shuntian ceremony, perform cultural performances, ningtai youth "tracing chen jinggu culture to promote ningtai youth exchange" activities and cross-strait chen jinggu cultural exchanges it consists of meetings, visits by taiwanese compatriots to exchange bases with taiwan, and activities such as ningtai women  "gathering women  power to promote entrepreneurship and employment", aiming to use festival as medium to promote cross-strait cultural exchanges and further promote and enhance chen jinggu  faith and customs culture.  mrs. linshui chen jinggu known as "protector goddess of women and children" who "rescues births, protects fetuses, and protects people". she most influential land goddess in fujian. according to statistics, there  currently more than 4,000 linshui palaces and temples distributed around world, with as many as 120 million believers. among them, there  more than 500 palaces and temples dedicated to chen jinggu in taiwan, and more than 3,000 temples supporting chen jinggu, with more than 10 million believers.   to channel and get more exciting content:   in early winter, in badain jaran desert of alxa right banner, alxa league, inner mongolia autonomous region, mighty winter camel transfer taking place. hundreds of camels running happily in vast desert, with flying sand and dust, scene very spectacular.  it understood that local herdsmen herd camels into badain jaran desert every spring and summer. there  lakes and desert plants here. camels eat and drink by themselves and survive naturally. when winter comes, camels  driven out of desert and transferred to winter farms. camels move slowly, like moving painting, forming beautiful scenery in badain jaran desert.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, palace museum  engraving and engraving hall was unveiled, and "auspicious light pieces - exhibition of qing dynasty palace engraving cultural relics from palace museum" was held in museum. according to reports, this first time palace museum has held special exhibition of engraving cultural relics since its establishment. entire exhibition hall lined with more than 15,000 manchu engravings of tripitaka, and display cabinets also highlight representatives of our institute’s precious engraving cultural relics.  in exhibition hall, large number of engravings  neatly arranged in huge cabinets and shelves. engraving cultural relics on display this time  not only rich in content and diverse in genre, but also in different formats and exquisitely carved. according to reports, these engraving cultural relics reflect prosperity of printing activities at that time, carry memory and wisdom of ancestors, and  historical witnesses of continuous continuity of   civilization for thousands of years.   to channel and get more exciting content:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at fillory estate in san francisco, united states, which attracted great attention from international community. recently, gao fei, vice president of   foreign affairs university, in an exclusive interview with   news service’s “  focus face to face” that “five things in common” proposed by president xi jinping during this meeting :it equivalent to building five pillars for stable development of sino-us relations, opening up "san francisco vision" for future of sino-us relations, and also pointing out direction for healthy, stable and sustainable development of sino-us relations. five pillars all talk about "commonness", which also reflects that how to deal with sino-us relations not unilateral, but that both sides must work together to find path for cooperation. therefore, "san francisco vision" behind five pillars has very important guiding role in sino-us relations and development of future world.   to channel and get more exciting content:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at fillory estate in san francisco, united states, which attracted great attention from international community. gao fei, deputy dean of   foreign affairs university, recently accepted an exclusive interview with   news service  "  focus face to face". when talking about as and prospects of future cooperation between   and united states, gao fei pointed out that as global powers,   and united states  very important in solving global challenges. bearing great responsibilities, many global issues cannot be effectively resolved without cooperation between two countries. on other hand, two sides can find new basis for cooperation by strengthening cooperation in field of global governance and solving hot issues and global challenges of common concern.  gao fei particularly noticed that meeting between two heads of state specifically mentioned that two sides should cooperate in field of artificial intelligence. artificial intelligence typical representative of new technological revolution. it not only bring about huge improvements in productivity, but there  also many ethical issues behind new technology. how to make relevant technologies develop in right direction that people want requires cooperation and coordination between two countries.  gao fei believes that in addition to traditional security field, there  also many hot spots in traditional security field in world. if   and united states have consensus on solving these hot-spot issues, i think we definitely find way to solve them. most important thing that everyone can sit down, talk, and find more consensus.   to channel and get more exciting content:   starting from november 17, 2023,   implement 72/144-hour transit visa-free policy for norwegian citizens. so far,  ’s 72/144-hour transit visa-free policy has expanded to 54 countries.  currently, three cities in  , including changsha, harbin, and guilin, implement 72-hour transit visa-free policy: beijing, tianjin, shijiazhuang, qinhuangdao, shanghai, nanjing, hangzhou, ningbo, guangzhou, shenzhen, jieyang, shenyang, dalian, qingdao, chongqing, 20 cities including chengdu, xi'an, xiamen, wuhan and kunming have implemented 144-hour transit visa-free policy.  citizens of 54 countries who transit through above cities to third country (region) with valid international travel documents and connecting ticket with confirmed date and seat within limited time can stay in specified a for no more than 72 hours or 144 hours without visa. during stay, can engage in short-term activities such as tourism and temporary business visits. (video source:   central radio and television) xi jinping attended 30th apec leaders’ informal meeting and delivered an important speech   to channel and get more exciting content:  to zucvg channel and get more exciting content:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. from bali to san francisco, president xi jinping mentioned    position on taiwan issue in meetings. recently, gao fei, deputy dean of   foreign affairs university, in an exclusive interview with   news service  "  focus face to face" that taiwan issue most important issue in sino-us relations. it core of    core interests and has no room for maneuver. .  in november 2021, during video call between heads of state of   and united states, biden already stated that he would not support "taiwan independence." biden has since continued to repeat relevant policy statements and also emphasized that united states pursues one-  policy. taiwan issue was mentioned again in this meeting between two heads of state, showing that both sides  aware of importance of taiwan issue to stability of bilateral relations.​  the taiwan issue basis for stable development of sino-us relations. failure to handle this issue do more harm to sino-us relations than economic and trade relations or relations in other fields. this time meeting between two heads of state further discussed taiwan issue, and understanding between two sides should be clearer.   to channel and get more exciting content:   on november 17, open-air cliff carvings in wuxi stele forest in qiyang, hunan province attracted tourists to visit. it reported that wuxi forest of steles largest open-air forest of stone inscriptions on cliffs in  , with 505 square meters of existing cliff stone inscriptions, including 17 square meters from tang dynasty and 116 square meters from song dynasty. tallest stone carving on 30-meter cliff with diameter of 2.3 meters. lowest at foot of cliff by stream, with diameter of only 1 cm.  the stone carvings on 100-meter-high cliff, which  written in regular script, cursive script, official script and seal script, contain poems and poems written by countless literati since tang dynasty. handwriting still clearly legible after thousands of years of wind and rain.  in recent years, qiyang has adopted new media technology to make cliff carvings of forest of steles "alive" through digital means, giving tourists vivid experience with rich, diverse and interesting immersive interactions.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, 5th international taoist forum was held in maoshan, jurong, jiangsu. at "protecting heaven and lasting for all - taoism and ecological governance new media forum" held during period, guests discussed themes of "taoist ecological wisdom and its modern significance" and "taoist ecological wisdom and livable city construction" to discuss contemporary role of taoist ecological and environmental wisdom. ideological value, theoretical value and practical value.   to channel and get more exciting content:  ancient   was farming civilization. since straw planted was not enough to burn for whole year, and going up mountain to chop firewood required lot of physical effort, it was not easy to obtain firewood and oil. ancient chefs cherished heat, and in order to cook food better and faster, they wrapped as many different ingredients as possible and stewed them together. dumplings, glutinous rice balls, lotus-flavored glutinous rice chicken...this "containing" and "wrapping" gradually formed it of unique   food culture. hong kong chef li mengchang followed this idea and created new version based on traditional eight-treasure duck.a new   dish - steamed "eight treasure star spots". different from previous preparation methods of babao duck and other   dishes, meat of star spot smooth and glutinous, and it extremely difficult to keep fresh. strict control of time required for carving and steaming fish. in addition, if ingredients in belly of fish  not steamed for enough time, they not be able to stimulate their own flavor. controlling heat of two ingredients has become problem for master li. this issue of xiangjiang takes you into story of production of "eight treasure star spots".   to channel and get more exciting content:    foreign ministry spokesperson mao ning hosted regular press conference on november 17.  a reporter asked: according to reports, yesterday, president xi jinping attended welcome banquet jointly organized by american friendship groups in san francisco and delivered speech. audience at scene gave speech more than ten long and warm applause. guests present that president xi jinping passed this speech. this speech extended hand of friendship to american people and of extraordinary historical significance. can spokesperson further introduce relevant situation?  mao ning that on 15th local time, president xi jinping attended welcome banquet jointly organized by american friendship groups in san francisco and delivered an important speech. before banquet began, president xi jinping also met with representatives from  . business community and all walks of life, as well as representatives from flying tigers and descendants of general stilwell, kuling, iowa, washington state and other friendly people, and reaffirmed friendship with them .  president xi jinping has always attached great importance to and supported encouragement of people-to-people exchanges between   and united states. he has repeatedly pointed out that foundation of  -us relations lies in people, hope lies in people, future lies in youth, and vitality lies in localities. looking back at history, every important moment in sino-us relations inseparable from two-way efforts of people of two countries. during world war ii, people of   and united states forged "flying tigers friendship" with blood and fire. in 1971, "the small ball pushed big ball" achieved "handshake across pacific." "friends of guling" continued story of century-old friendship. philadelphia symphony group continues to write new chapter in music spanning 50 years. friendship and goodwill between people of   and united states have brought  -us relations back to right track from low point time and time again.  as president xi jinping pointed out in his speech, foundation of sino-us relations was laid by people, door of sino-us relations was opened by people, story of sino-us relations was written by people, and future of sino-us relations written by people creative. once door to sino-us relations opened, it never be closed again. once cause of friendship between two peoples started, it not be abandoned halfway. no matter how situation changes, historical logic of peaceful coexistence between   and united states not change, fundamental desire of   and american people for exchanges and cooperation not change, and general expectations of people around world for stable development of  - . relations not change.  during this meeting in san francisco,   and american presidents reached an important consensus on facilitating personnel exchanges and promoting people-to-people and cultural exchanges. they increase direct passenger flights between   and united states, hold high-level dialogue on tourism between   and united states, and optimize visa application process.   also announced that it willing to invite 50,000 american teenagers to come to   for exchange and study in next five years. it hoped that people of   and united states move more, have more exchanges, and have more exchanges, jointly continue to write story of friendship between   and american peoples in new era, and inject new and inexhaustible impetus into development of sino-us relations.   to channel and get more exciting content:  the reporter learned from   railway international co., ltd. that on november 17, jakarta-bandung high-speed railway was officially opened for operation for month. it has carried total of 383,000 passengers, with single-day passenger occupancy rate as high as 98.7%. passenger flow has shown strong growth trend, providing people along line with it provides safe, convenient, warm and comfortable travel experience.  it understood that after official opening of jakarta-bandung high-speed railway, travel time between jakarta and bandung has been shortened from more than 3 hours to 46 minutes, providing safer, greener, more efficient and more comfortable way of travel, and creating wonderful travel experience for passengers. . in initial stage of operation of line, 14 emu trains were operated on entire line every day. with rapid growth of passenger flow,  -indonesia operations and maintenance consortium promptly optimized train operation map and increased supply of transportation capacity. since november 1, number of emu trains operating daily on daily line has increased to 28, and number of passenger seats has increased from more than 8,000. doubled to more than 16,000, and increased to 36 trains during weekend peak periods, further increasing transportation capacity. in month since it was put into operation, number of passengers sent by jakarta-bandung high-speed railway has continued to hit new highs. number of passengers sent on single day has increased from 4,131 when it was put into operation to 21,359, and occupancy rate has increased from 49% to 98.7%.   to channel and get more exciting content:  on november 15, local time, president xi jinping held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. according to release from ministry of foreign affairs, meeting between heads of state of   and united states achieved multi-faceted results and reached more than 20 consensuses in fields of politics, diplomacy, people-to-people exchanges, global governance, military security and other fields. in what as these consensuses bring practical changes to development? wu xinbo, dean of institute of international studies at fudan university, believes that most important outcome of this meeting that   and united states have resumed dialogue and expanded cooperation and exchanges in multiple fields, which bring practical value to development of bilateral relations.   to channel and get more exciting content:  anlezhe, an american sinologist, has devoted himself to research and excavation of confucianism and   philosophy for decades, looking for paths and answers to solve real-world problems. recently, anlezhe accepted an exclusive interview with   news service  "east-west question" to discuss topics such as how confucian values ​​can be transformed into resources for world cultural order. endless flowing water of xijiang river and endless love of this famous city. nourished by profound cantonese culture, cantonese people have developed an open, tolerant, hard-working and courageous character, and "guangfu" has become famous overseas. as an important birthplace of guangfu culture and of birthplaces of cantonese language, zhaoqing has many places of interest such as zhaoqing ancient city wall, millennium mei'an temple, and yuecheng longmu temple, which seem to have shimmered for thousands of years. let’s walk into 4th world cantonese people’s kiss conference and watch this big gathering of cantonese people from all over world. on november 16, "village ba" championship invitational tournament started in taijiang taipan. national champion guangdong shaxi team face host and guizhou "village ba" champion taijiang team. former nba star allen iverson be at scene to interact with audience. at same time, wonderful mountain concerts, basketball fun games, and ktv with thousands of people also be staged. nationthe national development and reform commission held november press conference at 10:00 am on november 16. modern peking opera "shajiabang" has made people remember witty and brave characters such as guo jianguang and qing  wife, as well as countless classic arias. this work based on true story of local people fighting against japanese and puppet troops in small fishing village on shores of yangcheng lake in jiangsu during anti-japanese war to protect injured new fourth army soldiers. follow live broadcast and take an ideological and political class with gu yongzhong, former director of shajiabang revolutionary history memorial hall, to experience relationship between military and civilians. state council information office held press conference at 10 a.m. on november 15, inviting liu aihua, spokesperson, chief economist and director of national economic comprehensive statistics department of national bureau of statistics, to introduce operation of national economy in october 2023 and answer reporters' questions. . national health commission held press conference at 15:00 on november 13 to introduce relevant situation of "winter respiratory disease prevention and control". wufu town located in southeast of wuyi mountain in fujian province. it thousand-year-old ancient town and place where zhu xi taught, wrote, and taught. zhu xi studied and lived here for more than 50 years, leaving behind historical relics such as xingxian ancient street and xingxian academy. , with profound cultural heritage. "picturesque countryside" online theme promotion event went to wufu town to experience intangible cultural heritage project "zhu zi  teacher ceremony", visit xingxian ancient street, admire ten thousand acres of lotus ponds, visit xi street lianli and ziyang tower, and feel charm of zhu zi  culture. state council information office held press conference at 10 a.m. on november 10 to release white paper "the practice and historic achievements of party  strategy for governing tibet in new era". wang gang, deputy director of central propaganda department, and deputy secretary of party committee of tibet autonomous region, yan jinhai, chairman of autonomous region, wang haizhou, member of standing committee of party committee and director of propaganda department of tibet autonomous region, and xu zhitao, vice chairman of tibet autonomous region attended event to introduce white paper and answer questions from reporters. giant pandas "mei xiang" and "tian tian" living in united states and their cub "little miracle" set off to return to  . follow live broadcast and welcome them home together. 2023 world internet conference "light of internet" expo underway. many of exhibits here not only demonstrate level of high-tech development, but  also closely related to daily life. in addition to being used for entertainment, 5g+vr motorcycle games can also create real environment training experience; robot dog equipped with an infrared camera can measure temperature of power equipment at any time, replacing manual inspections... let’s go to world internet conference and see how "light of internet" shines into life! consumer goods and medical exhibition a of ​​the 6th   international import expo brings together variety of novelty products. handheld ultra-precise smart makeup applicator designed for people with limited arm mobility, and scalp ai smart precision tester that makes hair care more precise, present future technological life scenarios. cretaceous amber that solidified scenes from dinosaur era and peacock feathers that witnessed love of spanish commoner princess also allow visitors to touch history. let’s go into ciie together and experience collision of good things across time and space! in zhangzi island, dalian, "winter fishing" has long become an important festival integrated into people  lives. loud and heroic changhai chants, melodious folk songs, winter fishing boats riding wind and waves, and steaming stoves cooking ginseng all together outline joyful scene of islanders during harvest season.at beginning of winter, follow   news network reporters into waters of zhangzidao, changhai county, dalian, and witness winter fishing of wild sea cucumbers up close. at sixth   international import expo, enterprise exhibition a was approximately 367,000 square meters, and number of fortune 500 and industry leading companies participating in exhibition reached 289, exceeding previous levels. schott  zero-degree glass-ceramic, known as "biggest vision" and "most insightful"; table tennis coaching robot that uses two-way voice communication to intelligently plan sparring plans... more than 400 representative new products, new technologies, new services  displayed in centralized manner. unlock "star" exhibits with reporters with click! on november 6, “fourth industrial revolution and smart travel forum and united nations industrial development organization” were co-sponsored by united nations industrial development organization investment and technology promotion network,   international import expo bureau, national exhibition and convention center (shanghai) and   news network "global solution collection awards ceremony" was held in shanghai, with theme of "smart leading, green future", bringing together efforts of all parties to promote innovation in field of smart travel and sustainable transportation development. state council information office held series of themed press conferences at 10:00 a.m. on november 1. press conference invited lei haichao, deputy director of national health commission, wang hesheng, deputy director of national health commission and director of national administration of disease control and prevention, and yu yanhong, member of party leadership group of national health commission and director of state administration of traditional   medicine, introduced relevant situation of "promoting high-quality development of health services to protect people  health" and answered reporters' questions. changsha kiln, made in tang dynasty. in 1998, an ancient sunken ship "blackstone" was salvaged from water, revealing legend of "world factory" more than 1,200 years ago. changsha tongguan kiln began in early tang dynasty and flourished in middle and late tang dynasty. kiln could export tens of thousands of pieces of porcelain at time. large-volume, cheap and high-quality porcelain was exported to 29 countries and regions through maritime silk road. enter changsha tongguan kiln museum and open door to "world factory" on ancient maritime silk road. branches  covered with dense cotton blossoms, which  whiter than snow. along with roar, large-scale cotton picking machines shuttled through silvery white cotton sea, picking, compressing, and packaging... xinjiang largest cotton producing a in my country, with planting a accounting for more than 80% of country. at present, 1.75 million acres of cotton  being harvested in shaya county, aksu prefecture, xinjiang, and mechanization rate of entire process from planting to harvest has exceeded 95%. follow live broadcast and go to aksu to see mechanized cotton picking and harvest pictures. recently, old summer palace museum was unveiled at zhengjue temple of old summer palace. twelve animal heads, including cow  head, tiger  head, monkey  head, and pig  head, returned to yuanmingyuan museum for first time after 163 years. they were reunited with horse  head and told about craftsmanship that has lasted for hundred years without rusting; seven white marble pieces that have been lost overseas for more than hundred years stone pillars return again, reflecting cultural connotation of combining   and western elements. in exquisite layout and modern display techniques, you can appreciate vicissitudes of history and achievements of cultural relics protection in old summer palace. grand canal, which has flowed for more than 2,500 years, magnificent poem written on land of  . "beijing-hangzhou dialogue - thousand miles of millennium canal" event was officially launched on morning of october 29. follow   and foreign media gathering group to set sail from hangzhou, go north along grand canal, and arrive atit reaches beijing and carries out canal cultural exchanges at canal landmarks such as hangzhou, jiaxing, zhenjiang, yangzhou and tongzhou along way. state council information office held regular briefing on state council policies at 10 a.m. on october 27, inviting wang song, deputy director of cyberspace administration of  , and relevant responsible persons from supreme people’s procuratorate, ministry of education, ministry of justice, and central committee of communist youth league to introduce “minors’ internet policy”. protection regulations and answered questions from reporters. #the governor of california, usa that   and united states cannot decouple   to channel for more exciting news:  president biden and president xi jinping goodbye at end of gapec meeting   to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  2gzucvg   to channel and get more highlights:    to channel and get more highlights:  when xi jinping delivered written speech to apec business leaders summit, he mentioned that   " three new things”   to channel for more highlights:    and south korea hand over remains of tenth batch of   people’s volunteer army martyrs in south korea.   to channel for more highlights:    channel, get more excitement:    to channel, get more excitement:    to channel, get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  2gzucvgxi jinping:   has never occupied an inch of land of other countries   to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  as most important bilateral relationship in world,  -us relations must serve two countries bring benefits to people and show responsibility for human progress. as two big countries like   and united states, it impossible not to deal with each other. it unrea ic to try to change each other. no can bear consequences of conflict and confrontation. mr. president and i  at helm of sino-us relations. we  very important to people, world, and world. they all bear heavy responsibility for history.   to channel and get more exciting content:  the female student who answering questions in class named hulan. she comes from ulaanbaatar city, mongolia. she currently studying at no. 3 middle school of erenhot city, inner mongolia autonomous region (hereinafter referred to as no. 3 middle school).third middle school) sophomore in high school. few years ago, hulan  parents took her to erenhot to study, and they stayed here to work and study with her. they planned to return to mongolia after hulan was admitted to   university.  on 17th, reporter went to no. 3 middle school and visited mongolian students like hulan who were studying in high schools in  . when talking about biggest gain, most of them mentioned "friendship" first.   to channel and get more exciting content:  on november 15, local time,   president xi jinping held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. this first face-to-face meeting between two heads of state after their meeting in bali last year, and international community paying close attention to it.  the current international situation intertwined with chaos and events, and sino-us relations  also at critical crossroads. from bali to san francisco, what important message does meeting between two heads of state send to outside world after year? what impact interaction between   and presidents at this critical moment have on relations between two countries?   news service  "  focus face to face" invited gao fei, vice president of   foreign affairs university, to give an interpretation.   to channel and get more exciting content:   omnidirectional controllable intelligent operating robots, deep-sea dolphin-like robotic fish... on november 17, 12th "tiangong cup" graduate innovation experiment competition of nanjing university of aeronautics and astronautics was held at jiangjun road campus of school.  at scene, deep-sea dolphin-like robotic fish was really eye-catching. chen xinrong, member of project team, that this intelligent robot based on efficient swimming gait and other characteristics of dolphins to overcome problems of difficult and costly dynamic sealing of traditional electromagnetic motors in deep sea. future application scenario 10,000 meters deep sea (the whole sea deep) seabed exploration and other tasks.  this year  entries cover aerospace, mechanical processing, information and communications, materials and chemical engineering, artificial intelligence and other fields. 68 of latest scientific and technological innovation works of year participated in competition, demonstrating innovative thinking and practical ability of graduate students. it reported that this competition divided into two stages: preliminary and finals.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, collection of poems "i love world awkwardly" by "takeaway poet" wang jibing has become popular. with help of short video accounts, this poetry collection sold more than 2,000 copies in less than day.  wang jibing was born in xuzhou, jiangsu province in 1969 and has been interested in literature since he was child. when he was 23 years old, wang jibing wrote 2,000-word micro-novel "the car enters village". since 2019, he has written more than 5,000 poems, recording real life and insights in simple and unpretentious language, and has also received many honors.   to channel and get more exciting content:   this year, tibet qiongniao american football team made its debut in game of     football league (cnfl) national league, becoming first ethnic minority team in league.  in lhasa, more than 12,000 kilometers away from venue of super bowl, this group of young people, ranging from high school students aged 17 or 18 to those in their 40s who have been working for many years,  spending time in lhasa in early winter.training by lhasa river to prepare for next season, grappling, colliding, running... they form beautiful landscape of diverse tibet and tibet that closely connected to world.   to channel and get more exciting content:   on november 18, 15th straits forum·chen jinggu cultural festival opened at linshui palace in gutian county, ningde city, fujian province. believers from both sides of taiwan strait gathered at ancestral temple to pray for blessings and express friendship.  this year  chen jinggu cultural festival has theme of "one thousand years of love on waterfront and family on both sides". believers on both sides of taiwan strait worship mother of shuntian ceremony, perform cultural performances, ningtai youth "tracing chen jinggu culture to promote ningtai youth exchange" activities and cross-strait chen jinggu cultural exchanges it consists of meetings, visits by taiwanese compatriots to exchange bases with taiwan, and activities such as ningtai women  "gathering women  power to promote entrepreneurship and employment", aiming to use festival as medium to promote cross-strait cultural exchanges and further promote and enhance chen jinggu  faith and customs culture.  mrs. linshui chen jinggu known as "protector goddess of women and children" who "rescues births, protects fetuses, and protects people". she most influential land goddess in fujian. according to statistics, there  currently more than 4,000 linshui palaces and temples distributed around world, with as many as 120 million believers. among them, there  more than 500 palaces and temples dedicated to chen jinggu in taiwan, and more than 3,000 temples supporting chen jinggu, with more than 10 million believers.   to channel and get more exciting content:   in early winter, in badain jaran desert of alxa right banner, alxa league, inner mongolia autonomous region, mighty winter camel transfer taking place. hundreds of camels running happily in vast desert, with flying sand and dust, scene very spectacular.  it understood that local herdsmen herd camels into badain jaran desert every spring and summer. there  lakes and desert plants here. camels eat and drink by themselves and survive naturally. when winter comes, camels  driven out of desert and transferred to winter farms. camels move slowly, like moving painting, forming beautiful scenery in badain jaran desert.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, palace museum  engraving and engraving hall was unveiled, and "auspicious light pieces - exhibition of qing dynasty palace engraving cultural relics from palace museum" was held in museum. according to reports, this first time palace museum has held special exhibition of engraving cultural relics since its establishment. entire exhibition hall lined with more than 15,000 manchu engravings of tripitaka, and display cabinets also highlight representatives of our institute’s precious engraving cultural relics.  in exhibition hall, large number of engravings  neatly arranged in huge cabinets and shelves. engraving cultural relics on display this time  not only rich in content and diverse in genre, but also in different formats and exquisitely carved. according to reports, these engraving cultural relics reflect prosperity of printing activities at that time, carry memory and wisdom of ancestors, and  historical witnesses of continuous continuity of   civilization for thousands of years.   to channel and get more exciting content:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philoli estate in san francisco, united states.the international community paying close attention to it. recently, gao fei, deputy dean of   foreign affairs university, in an exclusive interview with   news service  "  focus face to face" that "five commons" proposed by president xi jinping during this meeting  equivalent to building five pillars for stable development of sino-us relations. it opened up "san francisco vision" for future of sino-us relations, and also pointed out direction for healthy, stable and sustainable development of sino-us relations. five pillars all talk about "commonness", which also reflects that how to deal with sino-us relations not unilateral, but that both sides must work together to find path for cooperation. therefore, "san francisco vision" behind five pillars has very important guiding role in sino-us relations and development of future world.   to channel and get more exciting content:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at fillory estate in san francisco, united states, which attracted great attention from international community. gao fei, deputy dean of   foreign affairs university, recently accepted an exclusive interview with   news service  "  focus face to face". when talking about as and prospects of future cooperation between   and united states, gao fei pointed out that as global powers,   and united states  very important in solving global challenges. bearing great responsibilities, many global issues cannot be effectively resolved without cooperation between two countries. on other hand, two sides can find new basis for cooperation by strengthening cooperation in field of global governance and solving hot issues and global challenges of common concern.  gao fei particularly noticed that meeting between two heads of state specifically mentioned that two sides should cooperate in field of artificial intelligence. artificial intelligence typical representative of new technological revolution. it not only bring about huge improvements in productivity, but there  also many ethical issues behind new technology. how to make relevant technologies develop in right direction that people want requires cooperation and coordination between two countries.  gao fei believes that in addition to traditional security field, there  also many hot spots in traditional security field in world. if   and united states have consensus on solving these hot-spot issues, i think we definitely find way to solve them. most important thing that everyone can sit down, talk, and find more consensus.   to channel and get more exciting content:   starting from november 17, 2023,   implement 72/144-hour transit visa-free policy for norwegian citizens. so far,  ’s 72/144-hour transit visa-free policy has expanded to 54 countries.  currently, three cities in  , including changsha, harbin, and guilin, implement 72-hour transit visa-free policy: beijing, tianjin, shijiazhuang, qinhuangdao, shanghai, nanjing, hangzhou, ningbo, guangzhou, shenzhen, jieyang, shenyang, dalian, qingdao, chongqing, 20 cities including chengdu, xi'an, xiamen, wuhan and kunming have implemented 144-hour transit visa-free policy.  citizens of 54 countries who transit through above cities to third country (region) with valid international travel documents and connecting ticket with confirmed date and seat within limited time can stay in specified a for no more than 72 hours or 144 hours without visa. during stay, can engage in short-term activities such as tourism and temporary business visits. (video source:   central radio and television)xi jinping attended 30th apec leaders’ informal meeting and delivered an important speech   to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:     president xi jinping recently held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. from bali to san francisco, president xi jinping mentioned    position on taiwan issue in meetings. recently, gao fei, deputy dean of   foreign affairs university, in an exclusive interview with   news service  "  focus face to face" that taiwan issue most important issue in sino-us relations. it core of    core interests and has no room for maneuver. .  in november 2021, during video call between heads of state of   and united states, biden already stated that he would not support "taiwan independence." biden has since continued to repeat relevant policy statements and also emphasized that united states pursues one-  policy. taiwan issue was mentioned again in this meeting between two heads of state, showing that both sides  aware of importance of taiwan issue to stability of bilateral relations.​  the taiwan issue basis for stable development of sino-us relations. failure to handle this issue do more harm to sino-us relations than economic and trade relations or relations in other fields. this time meeting between two heads of state further discussed taiwan issue, and understanding between two sides should be clearer.   to channel and get more exciting content:   on november 17, open-air cliff carvings in wuxi stele forest in qiyang, hunan province attracted tourists to visit. it reported that wuxi forest of steles largest open-air forest of stone inscriptions on cliffs in  , with 505 square meters of existing cliff stone inscriptions, including 17 square meters from tang dynasty and 116 square meters from song dynasty. tallest stone carving on 30-meter cliff with diameter of 2.3 meters. lowest at foot of cliff by stream, with diameter of only 1 cm.  the stone carvings on 100-meter-high cliff, which  written in regular script, cursive script, official script and seal script, contain poems and poems written by countless literati since tang dynasty. handwriting still clearly legible after thousands of years of wind and rain.  in recent years, qiyang has adopted new media technology to make cliff carvings of forest of steles "alive" through digital means, giving tourists vivid experience with rich, diverse and interesting immersive interactions.   to channel and get more exciting content:   recently, 5th international taoist forum was held in maoshan, jurong, jiangsu. at "protecting heaven and lasting for all - taoism and ecological governance new media forum" held during period, guests discussed themes of "taoist ecological wisdom and its modern significance" and "taoist ecological wisdom and livable city construction" to discuss contemporary role of taoist ecological and environmental wisdom. ideological value, theoretical value and practical value.   to channel and get more exciting content:  ancient   was farming civilization. since straw planted was not enough to burn for whole year, and going up mountain to chop firewood required lot of physical effort, it was not easy to obtain firewood and oil. ancient chefs cherished heat. in order to cook food better and faster, they wrapped as many different ingredients as possible and stewed them together, such as dumplings, glutinous rice balls, and lotus.fragrant glutinous rice chicken...this "containment" and "wrapping" gradually formed of unique   food cultures. hong kong chef li mengchang followed this idea and created new   dish - steamed "eight treasure star spot" based on traditional babao duck. different from previous preparation methods of babao duck and other   dishes, meat of star spot smooth and glutinous, and it extremely difficult to keep fresh. strict control of time required for carving and steaming fish. in addition, if ingredients in belly of fish  not steamed for enough time, they not be able to stimulate their own flavor. controlling heat of two ingredients has become problem for master li. this issue of xiangjiang takes you into story of production of "eight treasure star spots".   to channel and get more exciting content:    foreign ministry spokesperson mao ning hosted regular press conference on november 17.  a reporter asked: according to reports, yesterday, president xi jinping attended welcome banquet jointly organized by american friendship groups in san francisco and delivered speech. audience at scene gave speech more than ten long and warm applause. guests present that president xi jinping passed this speech. this speech extended hand of friendship to american people and of extraordinary historical significance. can spokesperson further introduce relevant situation?  mao ning that on 15th local time, president xi jinping attended welcome banquet jointly organized by american friendship groups in san francisco and delivered an important speech. before banquet began, president xi jinping also met with representatives from  . business community and all walks of life, as well as representatives from flying tigers and descendants of general stilwell, kuling, iowa, washington state and other friendly people, and reaffirmed friendship with them .  president xi jinping has always attached great importance to and supported encouragement of people-to-people exchanges between   and united states. he has repeatedly pointed out that foundation of  -us relations lies in people, hope lies in people, future lies in youth, and vitality lies in localities. looking back at history, every important moment in sino-us relations inseparable from two-way efforts of people of two countries. during world war ii, people of   and united states forged "flying tigers friendship" with blood and fire. in 1971, "the small ball pushed big ball" achieved "handshake across pacific." "friends of guling" continued story of century-old friendship. philadelphia symphony group continues to write new chapter in music spanning 50 years. friendship and goodwill between people of   and united states have brought  -us relations back to right track from low point time and time again.  as president xi jinping pointed out in his speech, foundation of sino-us relations was laid by people, door of sino-us relations was opened by people, story of sino-us relations was written by people, and future of sino-us relations written by people creative. once door to sino-us relations opened, it never be closed again. once cause of friendship between two peoples started, it not be abandoned halfway. no matter how situation changes, historical logic of peaceful coexistence between   and united states not change, fundamental desire of   and american people for exchanges and cooperation not change, and general expectations of people around world for stable development of  - . relations not change.  during this meeting in san francisco,   and american presidents reached an important consensus on facilitating personnel exchanges and promoting people-to-people and cultural exchanges. they increase direct passenger flights between   and united states, hold high-level dialogue on tourism between   and united states, and optimize visa application process.   also announced that it willing to invite 50,000 american teenagers to come to   for exchange and study in next five years. i hope that people of   and united states move more, communicate more, communicate more, and sharetogether, we continue to write story of friendship between   and american peoples in new era and inject new and inexhaustible impetus into development of sino-us relations.   to channel and get more exciting content:  the reporter learned from   railway international co., ltd. that on november 17, jakarta-bandung high-speed railway was officially opened for operation for month. it has carried total of 383,000 passengers, with single-day passenger occupancy rate as high as 98.7%. passenger flow has shown strong growth trend, providing people along line with it provides safe, convenient, warm and comfortable travel experience.  it understood that after official opening of jakarta-bandung high-speed railway, travel time between jakarta and bandung has been shortened from more than 3 hours to 46 minutes, providing safer, greener, more efficient and more comfortable way of travel, and creating wonderful travel experience for passengers. . in initial stage of operation of line, 14 emu trains were operated on entire line every day. with rapid growth of passenger flow,  -indonesia operations and maintenance consortium promptly optimized train operation map and increased supply of transportation capacity. since november 1, number of emu trains operating daily on daily line has increased to 28, and number of passenger seats has increased from more than 8,000. doubled to more than 16,000, and increased to 36 trains during weekend peak periods, further increasing transportation capacity. in month since it was put into operation, number of passengers sent by jakarta-bandung high-speed railway has continued to hit new highs. number of passengers sent on single day has increased from 4,131 when it was put into operation to 21,359, and occupancy rate has increased from 49% to 98.7%.   to channel and get more exciting content:  on november 15, local time, president xi jinping held  - . presidential meeting with  . president joe biden at philori estate in san francisco, united states. according to release from ministry of foreign affairs, meeting between heads of state of   and united states achieved multi-faceted results and reached more than 20 consensuses in fields of politics, diplomacy, people-to-people exchanges, global governance, military security and other fields. in what as these consensuses bring practical changes to development? wu xinbo, dean of institute of international studies at fudan university, believes that most important outcome of this meeting that   and united states have resumed dialogue and expanded cooperation and exchanges in multiple fields, which bring practical value to development of bilateral relations.   to channel and get more exciting content:  anlezhe, an american sinologist, has devoted himself to research and excavation of confucianism and   philosophy for decades, looking for paths and answers to solve real-world problems. recently, anlezhe accepted an exclusive interview with   news service  "east-west question" to discuss topics such as how confucian values ​​can be transformed into resources for world cultural order. endless flowing water of xijiang river and endless love of this famous city. nourished by profound cantonese culture, cantonese people have developed an open, tolerant, hard-working and courageous character, and "guangfu" has become famous overseas. as an important birthplace of guangfu culture and of birthplaces of cantonese language, zhaoqing has many places of interest such as zhaoqing ancient city wall, millennium mei'an temple, and yuecheng longmu temple, which seem to have shimmered for thousands of years. let’s walk into 4th world cantonese people’s kiss conference and watch this big gathering of cantonese people from all over world. on november 16, "village ba" championship invitational tournament started in taijiang taipan. national champion guangdong shaxi team faced host, guizhou "village ba""champion taijiang team and former nba star allen iverson come to scene to interact with audience. at same time, wonderful mountain concerts, basketball fun games, and ktv with tens of thousands of people also be staged. national development and reform commission on morning of november 16 november press conference be held at 10:00. modern peking opera "shajiabang" has made people remember witty and brave characters such as guo jianguang and aqing  wife, as well as countless classic arias. this work based on works performed during anti-japanese war. in small fishing village on shores of yangcheng lake in jiangsu province, true story of how local people fought against japanese and puppet troops to protect injured new fourth army soldiers. follow live broadcast and take an ideological and political class with gu yongzhong, former director of shajiabang revolutionary history memorial hall, to experience relationship between military and civilians. . state council information office held press conference at 10 a.m. on november 15, asking liu aihua, spokesperson, chief economist and director of national economic comprehensive statistics department of national bureau of statistics, to introduce operation of national economy in october 2023 and answer reporters question. national health commission held press conference at 15:00 on november 13 to introduce relevant situation of "winter respiratory disease prevention and control". wufu town located in southeast of wuyi mountain, fujian province. it thousand-year-old ancient town and place where zhu xi taught, wrote, and taught zhu xi studied and lived here for more than 50 years, leaving behind historical relics such as xingxian ancient street and xingxian academy, with profound cultural heritage. "picturesque rivers and mountains" online theme publicity activity went to wufu town to experience unique cultural heritage project "zhu zi  ceremony" includes tour of xingxian ancient street, ten thousand-acre lotus pond, visit to xi street lianli and ziyang tower, and sense of charm of zhu zi  culture. state council information office held press conference at 10 a.m. on november 10 to announce white paper "the practice and historic achievements of party  strategy for governing tibet in new era" was invited by wang gang, vice minister of propaganda department of central committee, yan jinhai, deputy secretary of party committee of tibet autonomous region and chairman of tibet autonomous region, wang haizhou, member of standing committee of party committee and director of propaganda department of tibet autonomous region, and vice chairman xu zhitao attended, introduced white paper and answered questions from reporters. giant pandas "mei xiang" and "tian tian" living in united states and their cub "little miracle" set off to return to  . follow live broadcast and welcome them home together. 2023 world internet conference "light of internet" expo underway. many of exhibits here not only demonstrate level of high-tech development, but  also closely related to daily life. in addition to being used for entertainment, 5g+vr motorcycle games can also create real environments training experience; robot dog equipped with an infrared camera can measure temperature of power equipment at any time, replacing manual inspections... let  go to world internet conference and see how "light of internet" shines into life! 6th   international import expo consumer goods and medical exhibition a brings together variety of novelty products. handheld ultra-precise smart makeup applicator designed for people with limited arm mobility, and scalp ai smart precision tester that makes hair care more accurate present scenes of future technological life. dinosaur era frozen. cretaceous amber in scene and peacock feathers that witnessed love of spanish commoner princess also allow visitors to touch history. come into ciie together and experience collision of good things across time and space! on dalian zhangzi island, "winter harvesting" has long been it has become an important festival integrated into people  lives.the loud and heroic changhai chants, melodious folk songs, winter fishing boats riding wind and waves, and steaming stoves cooking ginseng all together outline joyful scene of islanders during harvest season. at beginning of winter, follow   news network reporters into waters of zhangzidao, changhai county, dalian, and witness winter fishing of wild sea cucumbers up close. at sixth   international import expo, enterprise exhibition a was approximately 367,000 square meters, and number of fortune 500 and industry leading companies participating in exhibition reached 289, exceeding previous levels. schott  zero-degree glass-ceramic, known as "biggest vision" and "most insightful"; table tennis coaching robot that uses two-way voice communication to intelligently plan sparring plans... more than 400 representative new products, new technologies, new services  displayed in centralized manner. unlock "star" exhibits with reporters with click! on november 6, “fourth industrial revolution and smart travel forum and united nations industrial development organization” were co-sponsored by united nations industrial development organization investment and technology promotion network,   international import expo bureau, national exhibition and convention center (shanghai) and   news network "global solution collection awards ceremony" was held in shanghai, with theme of "smart leading, green future", bringing together efforts of all parties to promote innovation in field of smart travel and sustainable transportation development. state council information office held series of themed press conferences at 10:00 a.m. on november 1. press conference invited lei haichao, deputy director of national health commission, wang hesheng, deputy director of national health commission and director of national administration of disease control and prevention, and yu yanhong, member of party leadership group of national health commission and director of state administration of traditional   medicine, introduced relevant situation of "promoting high-quality development of health services to protect people  health" and answered reporters' questions. changsha kiln, made in tang dynasty. in 1998, an ancient sunken ship "blackstone" was salvaged from water, revealing legend of "world factory" more than 1,200 years ago. changsha tongguan kiln began in early tang dynasty and flourished in middle and late tang dynasty. kiln could export tens of thousands of pieces of porcelain at time. large-volume, cheap and high-quality porcelain was exported to 29 countries and regions through maritime silk road. enter changsha tongguan kiln museum and open door to "world factory" on ancient maritime silk road. branches  covered with dense cotton blossoms, which  whiter than snow. along with roar, large-scale cotton picking machines shuttled through silvery white cotton sea, picking, compressing, and packaging... xinjiang largest cotton producing a in my country, with planting a accounting for more than 80% of country. at present, 1.75 million acres of cotton  being harvested in shaya county, aksu prefecture, xinjiang, and mechanization rate of entire process from planting to harvest has exceeded 95%. follow live broadcast and go to aksu to see mechanized cotton picking and harvest pictures. recently, old summer palace museum was unveiled at zhengjue temple of old summer palace. twelve animal heads, including cow  head, tiger  head, monkey  head, and pig  head, returned to yuanmingyuan museum for first time after 163 years. they were reunited with horse  head and told about craftsmanship that has lasted for hundred years without rusting; seven white marble pieces that have been lost overseas for more than hundred years stone pillars return again, reflecting cultural connotation of combining   and western elements. in exquisite layout and modern display techniques, you can appreciate vicissitudes of history and achievements of cultural relics protection in old summer palace. grand canal, which has flowed for more than 2,500 years, masterpiece written on land of  .great poem. "beijing-hangzhou dialogue - thousand miles of millennium canal" event was officially launched on morning of october 29. follow   and foreign media gathering groups to set sail from hangzhou by boat, go north along grand canal, and arrive in beijing. along way, they carry out canal cultural exchanges at canal landmarks such as hangzhou, jiaxing, zhenjiang, yangzhou, and tongzhou. state council information office held regular briefing on state council policies at 10 a.m. on october 27, inviting wang song, deputy director of cyberspace administration of  , and relevant responsible persons from supreme people’s procuratorate, ministry of education, ministry of justice, and central committee of communist youth league to introduce “minors’ internet policy”. protection regulations and answered questions from reporters. #the governor of california, usa that   and united states cannot decouple   to channel for more exciting news:  president biden and president xi jinping goodbye at end of gapec meeting   to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  2gzucvg   to channel and get more highlights:    to channel and get more highlights:  when xi jinping delivered written speech to apec business leaders summit, he mentioned that   " three new things”   to channel for more highlights:    and south korea hand over remains of tenth batch of   people’s volunteer army martyrs in south korea.   to channel for more highlights:    channel, get more excitement:    to channel, get more excitement:    to channel, get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  2gzucvgxi jinping:   has never occupied an inch of land of other countries   to channel and get more excitement:    to channel and get more excitement:  as most important bilateral relationship in world,  -us relations must serve two countries bring benefits to people and show responsibility for human progress. as two big countries like   and united states, it impossible not to deal with each other. it unrea ic to try to change each other. no can bear consequences of conflict and confrontation. mr. president and i  at helm of sino-us relations. we  very important to people, world, and world. they all bear heavy responsibility for history. on july 6, immigration and customs administration of  . department of homeland security announced that there be no classes for fall semester.international students including those taking offline courses be expelled. as soon as policy came out, hundreds of colleges and universities across united states and even state governments launched angry lawsuits. at court hearing today, government suddenly reversed this decision. but this happy ending for international students? in blink of an eye, it was already twelve years ago when i took college entrance examination... but my entire life development trajectory - from being admitted to university of communication, to working as reporter for cctv in brazil, to now working as reporter in united states, i can actually do it. going back to summer of 2008 when i was taking college entrance examination. what made me prepare at most playful age? what experience of taking college entrance examination in olympic year? and what kind of ups and downs were so thrilling that i can still remember tension at that time to this day? in this week  vlog, i was deeply immersed in memories, shaking off all these old memories that  rarely mentioned again... today, united states announced that international students who can only study online in fall semester not be allowed to stay in united states. in addition to causing trouble for international students, it also makes american universities that  already suffering from impact of epidemic even worse. because of recent online classes, there has been wave of demands for "tuition refunds" across united states. in this video, an mit mba student talks about his experience in asking for tuition fees, and lawyer who specializes in education disputes gives an analysis. in addition, higher education institutions in united states  now bankrupt. why higher education, which should be decent, now so stretched? what’s wrong with american higher education? would you vote for someone called "popcorn baby"? why would anyone name themselves like that? and why people actually buy into this?brazilians creat online platform inspired by tinder to help votes find their ideal candidates. internet has become, like in many as , major component of political scenario in brazilwhy having pregnant bikini model can make large social contribution to more inclusive society?brazil  president michel temer comments on brics mechanism and bilateral relations with  , as well as global challenges for emerging marketsex-presidente in jail still comments on game performance/public school teacher with medical leave found in russia cheering for team...little fun facts reveal how much brazilians love soccer (more than their love for neymar  hairstyle)see how brazilian women get involved in soccer and why it  sign of rising feminism and gender equality.  feature: sindy rodriguesstrap in and get ready for an adventure through tunnels carved into taihang mountains with this thrilling drone flight!an endangered corsac fox was seen hopping and digging in snowy land of inner mongolia while foraging.standing under boundless blue sky, laojun mountain presents majestic scenery in central    henan province.kaleidoscopic hues! brilliant northern lights danced over    northernmost mohe city in heilongjiang province from evening of nov 5 to early nov 6. this reportedly first time green #auroras have ever been filmed in  .a nature reserve camera captured asnow leopard mother with her two cubs, marking first-ever such sighting recorded in lhasa, sw    tibet.learn about belt and road initiative,    plan to encourage economic cooperation and connectivity and seek prosperity together.no detail was overlooked in this exquisite model of ancient   architecture, created using over ten thousand recycled chopsticks. every detail incredibly lifelike, showcasing remarkable artistry.by using tilt-shift lens to capture harvest moments of farmers at work,   photographer turned this real-life scene into magical moment.【好聽！國慶主題mv《九州》】“盛哉泱泱九州，唯我華夏心。”一曲《九州》真情流淌，獻上最崇高的敬意。it  girl! first-ever panda born in russia turned month old last sunday and female, moscow zoo announced.a   photographer captured delicate blooming processes of six golden fall flowers in this mesmerizing time-lapse video.nature  grandeur at its finest! soar with drone above wangxiangtai waterfall in sw   chongqing and enjoy its breathtaking beauty from bird -eye view.ulaan lake in inner mongolia, dubbed "heart of earth," naturally red in color, casting vibrant reflections under sunlight.a   photographer spent eight months capturing blooming moments of 12 different types of flowers. let  take look!marvel at this aerial view of colorful jilantai salt lake, which resembles radiant gem nestled amidst mountains and deserts in n  ’s inner mongolia.crab season here! not seafood fan? then how about this delicious crab-shaped steamed bun, which even filled with "roe" and "meat."watch this amazing view of meili snow mountain in sw  ’s yunnan, bathing in golden sunshine and flowing sea of clouds.boats in    shandong set sail for fishing season as summer fishing ban ended on sept. 1 for    bohai sea and yellow sea.the crystal-clear lake reflected sky over yala snow mountain in sw  ’s sichuan, making it appear like this   man was floating in clouds.after heavy rain, han river in c    hubei looked like clouds floating in sky when seen from above, with side clear and other side muddy.  goes running: over 40,000 runners participate in lanzhou international marathon on sun in nw    lanzhou. marathon along yellow river illuminates natural beauty and spirit of perseverance.hello worlda shepherd herding sheep, seen from above, appears as mysterious giant shadow guiding sheep through winter landscape.a great wall of snow!   man spruced up his community with some snowy art, sculpting stunning snow wall.after heavy snowfall, children pressed their faces into snow to make adorable smiley faces, freezing happy moment.all aboard! when life gives you first snow of this winter, go on "skiing train ride!"it  bug, not leaf!out of sight, out of mind! check out how these pandas at chongqing zoo hide from rain.a vendor with knack for marketing adorned ordinary grapefruits with cartoon characters to attract more customers.a child performed "bian lian," or face-changing, unique aspect of sichuan opera and cherished part of    intangible cultural heritage, at school, earning cheers and applause from audience.watch parrot practice marching steps on windowsill, exuding both majesty and touch of cuteness.feel too tired to climb mountain? no worries! this escalator takes visitors to top of mountain at scenic spot in    zhejiang. enjoy view!a   man captured scene of bountiful apple harvest, with branches laden with juicy apples covering entire orchard.enjoy some of work of   photographer who spent 5 years capturing blooming moments of over hundred flowers through time-lapse photography.the terrifying moment was captured when large truck fell into sinkhole in n  .a feast for all! villagers cooked an incredibly enormous sour fish soup, bringing many people together for delightful feast. what caring friend! black swan was seen patiently feeding group of fish. handstand walk challenge!   man walked on his hands for nearly six hours, successfully climbing 2,800 steps on mountain walking trail.several birds chased surging qiantang river tidal bore, taking magnificent river spectacle to next level.huge numbers of tourists flocked to bund to see vibrant night scenery of shanghai during long public holiday. during    mid-autumn festival and national day holiday, chongqing zoo prepared delicious "hotpot" feast for four adorable giant pandas, and they enjoyed it to fullest! have you ever seen such big koi? young   girl fed and petted huge koi weighing over 50 pounds. two looked like best friends! at recent uae defense exhibition, avic showed new fc-31 model. so what difference between this aircraft and previous fc-31? uae buy it in future? obviously, this time   gave "straight shot" of its own: it true or false that you do not support "taiwan independence"? this time, we took step forward in our statement, and meaning conveyed by following sentence "there must be unification and unification" very clear. america becausedomestic political considerations and logic of "if you  sick and others take medicine" have caused today  sino-us relations to deviate from right track. both sides bear joint responsibility for sound development of  -us relations. one-way freedom of united states - i am responsible for cheating, and   responsible for "taking responsibility" - does not exist. as only korean military unit that arrived at yalu river that year, 6th division of korean army, which claims to be "undefeated despite death and fighting for soul of blue star," held "drinking water of yalu river again" ceremony last week. this senior korean army unit, which was famous at beginning of korean war and was later attacked head-on by our people  volunteer army, has witnessed many scenes and passed through many high-ranking officials. however, most famous not famous for battlefield. what composition of 6th division of korean army guarding cheorwon today? it still worthy of talking about "drinking water of yalu river again"? this issue of "detective team" chat with you. recently, nato has begun to conduct trench warfare training, and operations in russia, ukraine, and middle east seem to have evolved into static trench warfare. does this mean that there no longer be mobile warfare of large-scale opening, large-scale integration, and large-scale annihilation in future wars? in this issue, let’s talk about why russia, ukraine, and palestine and israel  engaged in trench warfare. what real democracy? who gets to define democracy? what real democracy? who gets to define democracy?   liquor has history of thousands of years. seemingly simple brewing process contains thousands of details. if you want to be "accurate" in process, "it takes 30 years to train an excellent winemaker. innovation driving force for sustainable development of traditional brewing industry. jinshiyuan wine industry respects ancient methods, continues to innovate, fully absorbs ingenuity of craftsmen, and turns each wine-making robot into wine-making intelligent brain, achieving ultimate standard in traditional crafts, so that every drop of wine produced by jinshiyuan "the master  brew". # originated from ancient wisdom wine aroma  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures  👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on november 15, local time,   president xi jinping met with president biden. two heads of state discussed strategic, overall and direction of  -us relations. they had candid and in-depth exchange of views on sexual issues and major issues related to world peace and development. on day of meeting between presidents of   and united states, phoenix tv  "wind and cloud dialogue" and phoenix.com  "dialogue with world" conducted an exclusive interview with graham allison, former  . assistant secretary of defense and founding dean of kennedy school of government at harvard university. peking university jia qingguo, professor at school of international relations, discussed issues of concern to   and united states, progress of bilateral relations, and substantive outcomes of talks.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big newsbig history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  travel company owner xing weilin fled myawaddy in eastern myanmar. after returning to  , he provided help to trapped electronic fraudsters and their families, and started live broadcast promotion in anti-fraud, he witnessed many personal and family stories, and also suffered various threats and intimidation. he himself thought that he had died once and it didn't matter anymore, but he stood up to expose shady story of myanmar  electronic fraud in order to prevent his children from encountering similar experiences.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at   phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix· very taoist  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  hakka music from five continents, love spread across world. from november 7th to 9th, 32nd world hakka friendship conference was held in longnan, jiangxi. more than 200 hakka community (overseas  ) groups from around world, representatives of hakka people, and more than 2,500 guests including well-known entrepreneurs gathered here. celebrate event together.  at opening ceremony held on evening of 7th, actors vividly interpreted evolution of hakka as home, cradle of hakka, and prosperous age of hakka through situational singing, creative dance, multimedia musicals and other forms, demonstrating excellent qualities of hakka people , rich connotation and unique charm of fine traditions and hakka culture.   before qinqin conference, 5th congress of global hakka and chongzheng federation (referred to as "the federation") was held in shenzhen. representatives of hakkas from all over world gathered together to talk about their homesickness and celebrate glory of hakkas. as general convener of these two events, all-  federation of trade unions has always been committed to uniting hakkas around world, including taiwan,  , to jointly carry forward hakka history and culture and promote cross-strait peace.   new taipei city mayor hou youyi that hakka spirit spirit of diligence, thrift, simplicity and hard-neckedness. he admires his hakka relatives very much and use hard-necked hakka spirit to restore social justice. in recent years, all-  federation of trade unions has maintainedbased on strong nostalgia of our hakka relatives, we strive to break down political barriers set up by green camp and work together to protect vital interests of hakka community in taiwan, winning widespread support and praise from hakka communities around world.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at   phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  long xuanqing, young man from bayan county, heilongjiang province, recorded daily work of his father long dianjun, veterinarian in village, and gained millions of followers in just few months. , many netizens saw it and said: "i can't stop at all."  a leather jacket costing rmb 90, pair of shoes costing less than rmb 50, and car that could be scrapped at any time  all necessary equipment for veterinarian long to go out for medical treatment every day. after short film became popular, his life still same: visiting doctors 365 days day, going out at 5 o'clock every day, visiting dozens of farmers day, keeping his mobile phone on 24 hours day, and not drinking at all.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  chiang youbai, born in taipei in 1976, grandson of chiang ching-kuo and great-grandson of chiang kai-shek. in 1988, jiang jingguo passed away, and 12-year-old jiang youbai immigrated to canada with his parents. jiang youbai, who returned to taiwan in his youth, followed teachings of his father, jiang xiaoyong, and stayed away from politics. in 2003, he founded chengguo design.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise person  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix·yihua talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  at 1 pm on june 13, 2023, delivery boy peng qinglin rescued woman who committed suicide by jumping into river while delivering order. he was also diagnosed with thoracic spine compression fracture and was hospitalized for treatment. as popularity on internet grows, doubts arise. being misunderstood became common occurrence, and he often felt angry but helpless. ordinary fate became particularly complicated after jumping off bridge to save others.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise person phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  at age of 41, cai lei, then vice president of jd.com, was diagnosed with als, and his life was split in two. als of five most common terminal diseases in world, with more than 10 million people dying from it. in january this year, bgi ceo yin ye promised cai lei to provide free genetic testing for als community. now, there has been major breakthrough in genetic testing for als, with positive detection rate of 34%, five times higher than previous hospital testing rate. they met for second time. #cailei #yinye  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  do you still remember salik, cambodian sales boy who spoke 15 languages? he came to   to study under funding of “one belt and road” project, and then chose to return to   to live broadcast and sell goods, becoming blogger like dong yuhui. what opportunities has “belt and road” project brought to him and cambodian youth? ifeng.com planned #我来来了, take you into story of cambodian shali.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  most as in egypt  hot all year round, with temperatures reaching over 40°c from may to october every year. users have very high demand for refrigeration equipment such as air conditioners, and at same time, wind and sand weather frequent visitor here, so cooling and dust removal have become an urgent need for air conditioning products for local residents. #it turns out that 68℃ high temperature non-stop air conditioning real#. how do   companies bring coolness to summer here through technological innovation? in addition, power shortages in some african countries pose huge challenge to preservation of vaccines, blood and related products that require low-temperature storage. in more than 50 african countries, including nigeria, ethiopia, and uganda,   companies have solved this problem by providing vaccines and blood storage solutions with innovative technologies. how does #中国科技 protect health and vaccination of residents in central and eastern africa#? #phoenixglobalobservationgroup# take you to decipher it.  egypt experiences scorchingtemperatures year-round, with mercury often exceeding 40°c from may to october, which makes demand for air conditioners extremely high. meanwhile, persistent sandstorms  common occurrence here, making cooling and dust removal essential for locals. it  true that air conditioners don't stop even during temperatures of 68°c . also, in some african countries, power shortages pose significant challenges for preserving vaccines, blood, etc. that require low-temperature storage.    innovative technologies have provided solutions to dilemmas in over 50 african countries, including nigeria, ethiopia, and uganda. discover how   tech safeguards health of middle eastern and african residents . phoenix global insights gonna decode them all.  獲得更多最新資訊，請關注訂閱我們🔔 please   here： 鳳凰網：  ：  ：  #鳳凰網#ifeng#鳳凰網娛樂  👉鳳凰網精彩內容推薦👈： 鳳凰 · 娛樂訪談 phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  he calls himself godmother of contemporary rock, puts on his own makeup, and sings "i man" rock with northeastern characteristics "e man". he thinks""cool" ≠ real rock and roll, rock and roll that doesn't cry or laugh, and doesn't eat fireworks of world and "pretend to be fairy" ineffective. once upon time, diplodocus also thought seriously about why fans didn't  en to his lyrics, and his music was only regarded as kind of crazy relaxation. now he has new definition of his music: it’s good if it can bring everyone happiness. liang long once used eight words to define himself as "playing life and having fun". this time he added two more sentences: life short, it must be sexy. "extraordinary tao" takes you into: second-hand roses, first-hand diplodocus  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  phoenix.com original | on october 7, new round of conflict broke out between palestinian hamas and israel. helicopters hovered at low altitude, prevention and control alarms sounded, and large number of missiles were intercepted by iron dome. large number of tourists fled everywhere.   tourist xia xia spent frightening 48 hours in tel aviv. she told phoenix.com  "face" about her personal experience: "the most terrifying thing that they attack airport, and you have no way to escape." fortunately, her flight was not grounded. after returning home safely, xia xia still had lingering fears.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures  to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  he can play liu bei and cao cao, which only in entertainment industry so far. from an extra to most outstanding character in hottest movie in 2023 national day season, yu hewei has traveled for decades. he and xu zheng were classmates. faced with his friend  early fame, he he didn't need to torture himself with these things. not wanting to be "best" in entertainment industry, he he was just "an actor."  for more latest information, please follow  to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  shenzhou 17 aiming to be launched at 11:14 on october 26. astronaut crew for shenzhou 17 manned mission consisted of three astronauts, tang hongbo, tang shengjie, and jiang xinlin, with tang hongbo serving as commander. this crew youngest astronaut crew on average since launch of    space station construction mission. let witness it together!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # phoenix network #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #shenzhou #space #space station #  #spaceship  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · appointment in luyu phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  “one minute to survive, 60 seconds to be happy!” unique diving method of tianjin uncles and aunts has become popular on internet. they have an opening statement before diving, accompanied by formation of there were bursts of exclamations or cheers, somersaulting into water, and winning bursts of applause. ifeng.com visited lion grove bridge in tianjin and recorded top divers in tianjin.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  coco lee’s funeral and burial ceremony were held at hong kong funeral home on july 31 and august 1. fans came from far and wide to say goodbye to singer, and condolence flower baskets were placed at door. coco lee  body was cremated on august 1, and people from entertainment industry such as yao qian and zhen ni served as support persons. ifeng.com entertainment broadcast live online memorial service and funeral ceremony of coco lee from 16:00-19:00 on july 31 and 9:30-10:30 on august 1on site, we bid farewell to our dear coco through internet and expressed our infinite condolences to her.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on july 5, singer coco coco passed away suddenly, but cause of death still unknown and be announced after forensic examination. coco coco lee  memorial service be held in hong kong at 16:00 today (july 31). to commemorate coco coco lee, phoenix entertainment broadcast live broadcast of coco lee  memorial service online from 16:00 to 19:00 today. farewell to our dear coco and express our infinite condolences to her.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  “village ba” getting excited! on june 20, opening ceremony of national hemei rural basketball competition was held in taipan township, taijiang, guizhou. honored coach gong luming, basketball god of war liu yudong, cctv celebrity yu jia and other guests gathered to support team. come and "watch battle in cloud" and feel unique passionate atmosphere!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #basketball #村ba ​#basketball #village #guizhou #guizhou #热血  👉recommendations for exciting content on ifeng.com👈： phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  since may 25, henan province has experienced widespread and continuous rainy weather, which has seriously affected wheat production.when harvested at normal maturity, some wheat appears moldy, sprouts, and faces risk of yield reduction. after "bad rain", special observers from phoenix.com went to zheng'an town, zhengzhou, henan province, to visit wheat fields after rain, and talk to local villagers to learn about disaster situation.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #直播 #livestream #phoenixtv #河南 #马子  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  16 according to   manned space engineering office, at 9:31 on may 30, 2023, beijing time, shenzhou 16 manned spacecraft was launched long march 2f yao 16 carrier rocket of spacecraft was ignited and launched at jiuquan satellite launch center. about 10 minutes later, shenzhou 16 manned spacecraft successfully separated from rocket and entered predetermined orbit. astronaut crew was in good condition and launch was success. success.  after spacecraft enters orbit, it conduct autonomous rapid rendezvous and docking with space station assembly in accordance with predetermined procedures. astronaut crew of shenzhou 16 rotate in orbit with astronaut crew of shenzhou 15. while working and living on space station, shenzhou 16 astronaut crew conduct extravehicular activities, conduct space science experiments, and complete various tasks such as installation, debugging, and maintenance of equipment inside and outside cabin.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # phoenix network #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #shenzhou #shenzhou16 #神zhou #神16 # astronaut  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  overseas debt of 980 million? family trust breached? zhang lan, founder of south beauty, responded forcefully, "the cvc fund owes me. i don't owe anyone. how could i bow to evil forces?" what  secret behind controversy? 12:00 ifeng.com finance  "cover" talks to zhang lan, so stay tuned.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng:   :   :   #ifeng网 #ifeng #直播 #livestream #phoenixtv #张兰 #王小fei #张兰  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  founded in 2013, oxford   forum of largest and most rigorous   academic forums in uk. this online forum (february 25-26, 2023) start from six major themes of ai painting, film art, feminism, education, business, and urbanization. experts, scholars and industry guests in related fields be invited to we show how social ideological trends, economy, art and entertainment of this era  facing changes, and what innovations  encouraged. dai jinhua and other professors gathered at this oxford   forum. welcome to pay attention!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  argentine fans gathered at obelisk in capital buenos aires to celebrate national team’s victory in 2022 qatar world cup. thousands of fans lined up in middle of night to try to catch glimpse of argentine football team that won of greatest world cup finals ever. according to argentine media reports, argentine government has announced national holiday on tuesday, including public and private units, to celebrate national team  world cup victory. according to statistics, population of argentina about 45 million, and capital of buenos aires about 4 million. obelisk can accommodate hundreds of thousands of people by then. it conservatively estimated that 200,000 fans celebrate with national team led by messi. last time to win hercules cup was in 1936, when maradona led team to win championship.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #livestream #phoenixtv #ifeng #phoenix.com #live #argentina #qatarworldcup #obelisk #qatar #qatar2022  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  memorial service for former president jiang zemin was held at 10 a.m. in great hall of people in beijing. during period, people across country observed three-minute silence. where there were sirens and air raid sirens, sirens sounded. 3 minutes. memorial meeting for jiang zemin held in great hall of people in beijing on tuesday morning.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #jiangzemin #江泽民 #livestream #phoenixtv #ifeng #ifeng.net #live stream  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix· warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix li miao  japan observation  on occasion of 14th   air show, long lehao, academician of   academy of engineering, wang chi, academician of   academy of sciences, jiang peng, chief engineer of fast, "  sky eye", head of european union delegation to  , tuo yaojie, french ambassador to   luo liang and other aerospace experts and international guests gathered at "2022 dialogue with world· " hosted by phoenix tv group and zhuhai air show co., ltd. and hosted by ifeng.com aerospace forum" to discuss new future of international cooperation in aerospace industry.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #airshow2022 #airshow #  #phoenixtv #ifeng #ifeng.com  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  now! come join first-ever north asia beauty summit hosted by l’oréal to understand future directionn of tomorrow’s beauty industry! don’t miss first-ever north asia beauty industry summit hosted by l’oréal where leading experts discuss future of beauty driven by technology and innovation co-development in  , japan and korea. click above banner to watch livestreaming.  the beauty industry in  , japan and south korea has developed vigorously in recent years and has become an engine promoting innovation and development of global beauty. l'oréal, rotating chairman of ciie exhibitor alliance, hold first " , japan and korea beauty industry innovation summit" in view of unique beauty ecosystem in north asia. with theme of "technological innovation empowers future beauty", it focus on   and japan. future trends and opportunities in golden triangle of korean beauty products, report "decoding new trends in beauty consumption in  , japan and south korea" was released. summit also invite domestic and foreign experts in field to discuss regional cooperation in beauty technology and open innovation to drive coordinated development of beauty industry.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #loreal #beautysummit #northasiabeautysummit #ifeng.com #ifeng #  #japan #korea #beauty  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix·current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on monday local time, national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) posted on its official   account that due to engine failure, moon landing originally scheduled to be launched on august 29 rocket "artemis 1" has canceled its launch, and technical team collecting relevant data on engine fuel leakage. according to media reports, kennedy launch center in florida, which responsible for launch missions, suffered three consecutive lightning strikes on afternoon of august 27. next earliest estimated launch time september 2, but it may be postponed to mid-september or later. "artemis" project regarded as first step in nasa  plan to launch united states' return to moon. spacecraft perform an unmanned test mission around moon. in 1969, american astronauts landed on moon for first time aboard apollo 11. 1972 "apollo 17"during mission, nasa sent astronauts to moon for last time.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #news #aerospace #moon landing  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · 1tiger talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  on august 7, 2022, coinciding with beginning of autumn, "salute to   studies: fifth     studies ceremony" hosted by phoenix.com was held in wudang mountain, holy land of taoism in  . theme of first summit forum "on tao wudang: traditional culture and healthy life". dozens of experts and scholars in fields of   studies research and practice, cultural tourism, health and wellness, mass communication, business planning and other fields discussed cross-border discussions to explore life-oriented and market-oriented strategies of traditional health-preserving wisdom.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng.com #国学 #culture #tourism #health #wudang  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  starting at 12:00 on 4th, eastern theater command of people’s liberation army launched large-scale live-fire exercise in six sea and air as around taiwan island. some media described this as “lockdown”. taiwan for three days." military experts that this exercise organized first aircraft carrier formation deterrence exercise to build three-dimensional maritime combat system. it was also rarely revealed that nuclear submarines were arranged to cooperate with exercise.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #台 #台 strait #peloxi #ifeng.com #ifeng#news #pelosi’s visit to taiwan  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  if pelosi arrives in #taiwan for visit this time, what kind of impact it have on sino-us relations? what countermeasures mainland   take? how taiwan strait crisis evolve?  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #贝洛西 #台 #台 strait #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger and talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  if pelosi arrives in #taiwan for visit this time, what kind of impact it have on sino-us relations? what countermeasures mainland   take? how taiwan strait crisis evolve? "phoenix reference" specially commissioned professor #shi yinhong from school of international relations of renmin university of   to give an exclusive interpretation.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #贝洛西 #台 #台 strait #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  former japanese prime minister shinzo abe was attacked by man while delivering street speech in nara city on morning of 8th. he was shot and fell to ground bleeding. according to nhk, japan broadcasting association, abe was in state of cardiac arrest. he was confirmed dead in afternoon after being rescued. he was 67 years old. nara police have arrested 40-year-old nara man tetsuya yamama involved in case and searched his residence in nara. after suspect was arrested, he confessed that he was dissatisfied with abe so he assassinated him. reports that suspect had begun preparations this spring. attack abe.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # abe shinzo #shooting #山 tetsuya #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  to celebrate 25th anniversary of hong kong’s return to motherland, leisure and cultural services department held cultural evening show featuring #jackie chan, #andy lau, # alan tam, # nicholas tse, # 陈william ting, # 陈杰伦, #罗家英many well-known hong kong artists perform wonderful performances for audience.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here： ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng.com #ifeng#news #the 25th anniversary of establishment of special zone  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix· tiger and talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · wide view phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger and talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐 #belgium # princess # belgium princess # lignie princess # province pro # paris # study abroad # belgian prince  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng娱乐 #中国 #中国女 #usa #missingwoman #remains #corpse #suicide #murder #homicide #police  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  recently, guided-missile frigate pingdingshan (hull 602) attached to frigate flotilla of navy under pla northern theater command conducted search and attack submarine exercise in yellow sea of  . thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   new  -made medical ship recently sailed to naval submarine unit under pla southern theater command to provide medical services. during over-20-day tour, hospital ship treated patients for more than 2,000 times, providing convenient medical service to service members. expert team onboard hospital ship consisted of directors of departments including stomatology, psychology, and dermatology. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   has made significant progress in building its aircraft carrier fleet in past decade since first, liaoning, was commissioned on september 25, 2012.   refurbished old soviet model after purchasing it secondhand in 1999, making it country  first carrier. in later years, country independently built its own carrier, shandong, which uses ski-jump ramps to launch fighter aircraft. it was commissioned in 2019.   the shandong aircraft carrier built independently by  . /cfp this june, with launch of its new aircraft carrier, fujian,   navy now has three. vessel first in fleet to be equipped with an electromagnetic catapult and can send off shipboard aircraft in rapid succession. these days, fujian has been conducting series of equipment installation and debugging, while furthering relevant test missions. "today  progress in building    aircraft carrier fleet would not be possible without endeavor of entire country. in just 10 years, we have achieved goal of liaoning aircraft carrier fleet navigating in sea with combat capacity greatly improved and explored an aircraft carrier development path with   characteristics," ma chao, head of air support department of aircraft carrier fujian.  carrier-based aircraft have also been playing vital part in   navy.  in 2017, carrier-based air force successfully took off and landed at night on aircraft carrier liaoning for first time.  "the breakthrough in nighttime techniques and mastery of nighttime landing means we  capable of performing tasks in an all-weather manner, particularly at night and in complicated weather conditions. with all-weather combat advantages, we have greater initiative in future wars," xu ying, deputy captain of aircraft carrier shandong.  batches after batches of carrier-based aircraft have taken risks to go through trainings such as nighttime aerial refueling, sea ultra-low-altitude defense penetration and carrier-based air-sea fighting in past decade, so as to improve combat capacity of aircraft carrier fleet.  "in recent years, our aircraft carriers have achieved leapfrog development. it  safe to saythe development path with   characteristics has been tested with actual results. now, range of missions of domestically-made aircraft carrier shandong also constantly expanding as it rapidly develops. our first carrier that uses catapults, fujian, also accumulating strength. we believe that in near future, three aircraft carriers show our strong power at broader international stage," cui yonggang, captain of liaoning. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   this day in 2012,    first aircraft carrier liaoning was commissioned to pla navy. in just 10 years,   has entered era of three aircraft carriers from scratch, from refitted to home-made, from ski-jump to catapult. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   type of reconnaissance and strike integrated unmanned aerial vehicle (uav) appeared in training conducted by drone unit of air force in northwest  . as new combat force of pla air force (plaaf), indigenous drone can perform all-around reconnaissance and precision strikes. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   base under pla naval aviation university organized live-fire shooting exercise for j-15 fighter jets over shore of bohai bay. according to carrier-based aircraft flight instructor of university, this exercise was very intense with several rounds of jets dispatched. and complex weather conditions had made it much more difficult for pilots to aim, shoot and drop bombs. training has tested pilots' ability to fire ammunitions in actual combat scenarios, verified performance of weapons and equipment, and accumulated valuable experience for follow-up training. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   sirens sounded and bells tolled across shenyang, northeast    liaoning province, on sunday morning to commemorate 91st anniversary of september 18 incident, which marked start of japan  14-year invasion of  . thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   remains of 88   soldiers killed in war to resist  . aggression and aid korea were buried saturday in cemetery in shenyang, capital of northeast    liaoning province. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   remains of 88   soldiers killed in 1950-53 korean war were casketed in south korea on thursday to be sent back to their homeland.thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   pontoon bridge built up in 20 minutes thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   transport aircraft attached to pla air force took off from an airport in north   on wednesday morning to perform mission of taking back to   from republic of korea (rok) remains of   people  volunteers (cpv) martyrs who laid down their lives in war to resist  . aggression and aid korea.  according to ministry of veterans affairs, work of handing over, taking back and burial of 9th batch of cpv martyrs' remains started today. as planned, remains of cpv martyrs return to   on sept. 16.  on sept. 16, pla air force send j-20 fighters to provide escort for y-20 transport plane carrying thecpv martyrs' remains after y-20 enters    territorial airspace. "20 series" military aircraft fulfilling mission together designed to extend highest salute and respect to cpv martyrs, according to senior colonel shen jinke, spokesperson for pla air force.  since 2015, pla air force has dispatched aircraft to rok to carry out mission of taking cpv martyrs' remains home annually. starting from 2020, mission has been undertaken by y-20.   so far,   has taken 8 batches of cpv martyrs' remains back to homeland from rok in past consecutive 8 years. altogether, 825 cpv martyrs' remains have been returned to  . thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   afternoon of september 7, first lieutenant xu hongyu assigned to ganzi detachment of   people’s armed police force (pap) sichuan corps walked seven kilometers of dangerous mountainous road to transfer two-year-old qiu zhihao from earthquake-stricken a to safe place. this story has moved many people. few days ago, xu hongyu encountered qiu zhihao and his family again. learning that family was struggling financially and had lost their home in earthquake, xu hongyu and his wife decided to fund qiu zhihao for his future school years. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   september 11, regiment of air force under pla western theater command dispatched helicopter to transport three experts to epicenter, wandong village, detuo town in luding county, southwest    sichuan province for post-earthquake geological disaster survey. since wandong village sandwiched by mountains and there isn't relatively flat ground for landing, helicopter landed on roof of dilapidated building with single wheel to ensurethat experts could reach ground safely. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   earthquake-stricken luding county, sichuan province, troops assigned to   people  armed police force (pap) sichuan corps have been making every effort to meet needs of people there. on september 11, military field emergency shower trucks were put into use in resettlement site of gandhi vocational college to provide temporary shower rooms for more than 500 personnel stationed here. vehicle equipped with dressing room and shower room allows ten people to take showers at time. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   september 7, 109 members of first echelon of 26th   peacekeeping force to democratic republic of congo (drc) departed from chengdu, southwest    sichuan province, for one-year peacekeeping mission in bukavu, south kivu province, drc. 26th   peacekeeping force to drc consists of an engineering detachment and medical detachment with total of 218 persons selected from brigade under pla xizang military command and general hospital of pla xizang military command. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   september 7, wing loong-2h #uav went to #earthquake - #stricken a in luding county,    sichuan #province for third time to carry out follow-up disaster reconnaissance and emergency communication support.  after 6.8-magnitude earthquake hit #luding county, sichuan province in southwest   on september 5, multiple #drones were rushed to quake-hit a to build an air #emergency communication network, scout disaster situation, and send back real-time imagesto assist disaster-relief command center in #dispatching rescue teams and supporting teams. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   september 7, 109 members of first #echelon of 26th   #peacekeeping force to #democratic republic of #congo ( #drc ) departed from #chengdu, southwest    #sichuan province, for one-year peacekeeping mission in #bukavu, south #kivu province, drc. 26th   peacekeeping force to drc consists of an #engineering detachment and #medical detachment with total of 218 persons selected from brigade under #pla xizang #military command and general #hospital of pla xizang military command. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   6.8-magnitude earthquake hit luding county, southwest    sichuan province, air force under pla western theater command opened ten rescue air routes in particularly difficult circumstances to lift local residents out of plight on sept. 6, 2022.  an aviation regiment of air force under pla western theater command dispatched two helicopters to carry out emergency reconnaissance and rescue operations in luding county. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:     #astronauts have talked from space via video link with students from at least eight #african countries and shared their #experience during #shenzhou -14 spaceflight. thank for watching  #pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:    6.8-magnitude earthquake striking luding county, southwest    sichuan province on monday triggered landslides in many villages around moxi town, epicenter. sichuancorps of   people  armed police force (pap) dispatched troops to transfer victims trapped in villages.  since only road leading to outside world was blocked by falling rocks, best way to evacuate villagers to safe places was to cross river. pap service members and firefighters built simple wooden bridge spanning torrential river. rescuers carried wounded and helped elderly across river via bridge, with rapids rolling under their feet. after several hours of trekking, they managed to transfer villagers to safety. thank for watching  pla daily channel for more hot video please sub me here:   some of    most advanced and ready-for-combat warplanes, including j-20 stealth fighter jet and y-20 large transport aircraft, delivered dazzling flight performances at pla air force  open day event.the legendary   female soldier men jiahui, who was born in wealthy family and gave up tens of millions, has transformed from world supermodel to female officer of honor guard among first batch of female honor guards in  , there  many post-80s female soldiers like cheng cheng and zhao ying, who have created much history, but of them post-90s girl who participated in miss world contest at age of 16 and became member of miss world competition at age of 18. world  supermodel. just as her career was booming, and when she could almost become multi-millionaire before age of 23, this beautiful girl joined army. since then, she has made continuous military contributions and has become legendary female soldier in history of honor guard of three armed forces. men jiahui, female, height 179cm, weight 53kg, from dalian, liaoning province, from wealthy family with assets exceeding 30 million yuan. she now female instructor of   people  liberation army army, navy, and air force honor guard. 2008 miss world liaoning division top ten most fashion award. 2008   underwear model dalian division runner-up. 2010   new face competition world finals top ten. graduated from beijing institute of fashion technology in july 2014. in september 2014, she became first batch of female soldiers in   honor guard. in february of following year, she was named "excellent recruit" and was awarded personal award. in august 2015, he was selected as honor guard of military parade for 70th anniversary of victory of anti-japanese war and was awarded by army parade team. in 2015, she served as ceremonial pacesetter and presented flower baskets to people  heroes on martyrs' day. in august 2017, she served as female soldier model for new military uniform display. she served as backbone of company many times and won third-class merit twice at beginning of 2021, she was promoted to female soldier she was selected for honor guard team to participate in 2019 national day military paradeinstructor of honor guard and became female officerthe people  liberation army (pla) principal military force of people  republic of   and armed wing of   communist party (ccp). pla consists of five service branches: ground force, navy, air force, rocket force, and strategic support force. it under leadership of central military commission (cmc) with its chairman as commander- in-chief. army  ,pla rocket force,russian army,pla là gì trung quốc, . army,  military exercise,  army equipment, . army logo   #shorts #pla #  # town #people #peoplesliberationarmy #groundforces #navy #airforce #military #militarybase # news…  liquor has history of thousands of years. seemingly simple brewing process contains thousands of details. think about it. to be "accurate" in process, it takes 30 years to train an excellent winemaker. innovation driving force for sustainable development of traditional brewing industry. jinshiyuan wine industry respects ancient methods, continues to innovate, fully absorbs ingenuity of craftsmen, and turns each wine-making robot into wine-making intelligent brain, achieving ultimate standard in traditional crafts, so that every drop of wine produced by jinshiyuan "big"master  brew". # originated from ancient wisdom wine aroma  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger and talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on november 15, local time,   president xi jinping met with president biden. two heads of state discussed strategic, overall and direction of  -us relations. they had candid and in-depth exchange of views on sexual issues and major issues related to world peace and development. on day of meeting between presidents of   and united states, phoenix tv  "wind and cloud dialogue" and phoenix.com  "dialogue with world" conducted an exclusive interview with graham allison, former  . assistant secretary of defense and founding dean of kennedy school of government at harvard university. peking university jia qingguo, professor at school of international relations, discussed issues of concern to   and united states, progress of bilateral relations, and substantive outcomes of talks.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  travel company owner xing weilin fled myawaddy in eastern myanmar. after returning to  , he provided help to trapped electronic fraudsters and their families, and started live broadcast promotion in anti-fraud, he witnessed many personal and family stories, and also suffered various threats and intimidation. he himself thought that he had died once and it didn't matter anymore, but he stood up to expose shady story of myanmar  electronic fraud in order to prevent his children from encountering similar experiences.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise person phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  hakka music from five continents, love spread across world. from november 7th to 9th, 32nd world hakka friendship conference was held in longnan, jiangxi. more than 200 hakka community (overseas  ) groups from around world, representatives of hakka people, and more than 2,500 guests including well-known entrepreneurs gathered here. celebrate event together.  at opening ceremony held on evening of 7th, actors vividly interpreted evolution of hakka as home, cradle of hakka, and prosperous age of hakka through situational singing, creative dance, multimedia musicals and other forms, demonstrating excellent qualities of hakka people , rich connotation and unique charm of fine traditions and hakka culture.   before qinqin conference, 5th congress of global hakka and chongzheng federation (referred to as "the federation") was held in shenzhen. representatives of hakkas from all over world gathered together to talk about their homesickness and celebrate glory of hakkas. as general convener of these two events, all-  federation of trade unions has always been committed to uniting hakkas around world, including taiwan,  , to jointly carry forward hakka history and culture and promote cross-strait peace.   new taipei city mayor hou youyi that hakka spirit spirit of diligence, thrift, simplicity and hard-neckedness. he admires his hakka relatives very much and use hard-necked hakka spirit to restore social justice. in recent years, all-  federation of trade unions has worked hard to maintain strong nostalgia of hakka relatives, break down political barriers set up by green camp, and work together to protect vital interests of hakka community in taiwan. it has won widespread support and praise from hakka communities around world.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  long xuanqing, young man from bayan county, heilongjiang province, recorded daily work of his father long dianjun, veterinarian in village, and gained millions of followers in just few months. , many netizens saw it and said: "i can't stop at all."  a leather jacket costing rmb 90, pair of shoes costing less than rmb 50, and car that could be scrapped at any time  all necessary equipment for veterinarian long to go out for medical treatment every day. after short film went viral, his life was stilllike that: 365 visits every day, going out at 5 o'clock every day, visiting dozens of farmers day, keeping phone on 24 hours day, and not drinking at all.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger and talk phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  chiang youbai, born in taipei in 1976, grandson of chiang ching-kuo and great-grandson of chiang kai-shek. in 1988, jiang jingguo passed away, and 12-year-old jiang youbai immigrated to canada with his parents. jiang youbai, who returned to taiwan in his youth, followed teachings of his father, jiang xiaoyong, and stayed away from politics. in 2003, he founded chengguo design.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watchmore of our great videos 👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  at 1 pm on june 13, 2023, delivery boy peng qinglin rescued woman who committed suicide by jumping into river while delivering order. he was also diagnosed with thoracic spine compression fracture and was hospitalized for treatment. as popularity on internet grows, doubts arise. being misunderstood became common occurrence, and he often felt angry but helpless. ordinary fate became particularly complicated after jumping off bridge to save others.  get morefor latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · appointment in luyu phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  at age of 41, cai lei, then vice president of jd.com, was diagnosed with als, and his life was split in two. als of five most common terminal diseases in world, with more than 10 million people dying from it. in january this year, bgi ceo yin ye promised cai lei to provide free genetic testing for als community. now, there has been major breakthrough in genetic testing for als, with positive detection rate of 34%, five times higher than previous hospital testing rate. they met for second time. #cailei #yinye  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  do you still remember salik, cambodian sales boy who spoke 15 languages? he came to   to study under funding of “one belt and road” project, and then chose to return to   to live broadcast and sell goods, becoming blogger like dong yuhui. what opportunities has “belt and road” project brought to him and cambodian youth? ifeng.com planned #我来来了, take you into story of cambodian shali.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  most as in egypt  hot all year round, with temperatures reaching over 40°c from may to october every year. users have very high demand for refrigeration equipment such as air conditioners, and at same time, wind and sand weather frequent visitor here, so cooling and dust removal have become an urgent need for air conditioning products for local residents. #it turns out that 68℃ high temperature non-stop air conditioning real#. how do   companies bring coolness to summer here through technological innovation? in addition, power shortages in some african countries pose huge challenge to preservation of vaccines, blood and related products that require low-temperature storage. in more than 50 african countries, including nigeria, ethiopia, and uganda,   companies have solved this problem by providing vaccines and blood storage solutions with innovative technologies. how does #中国科技 protect health and vaccination of residents in central and eastern africa#? #phoenixglobalobservationgroup# take you to decipher it.  egypt experiences scorching temperatures year-round, with mercury often exceeding 40°c from may to october, which makes demand for air conditioners extremely high. meanwhile, persistent sandstorms  common occurrence here, making cooling and dust removal essential for locals. it  true that air conditioners don't stop even during temperatures of 68°c. also, in some african countries, power shortages pose significant challenges for preserving vaccines, blood, etc. that require low-temperature storage.    innovative technologies have provided solutions to dilemmas in over 50 african countries, including nigeria, ethiopia, and uganda. discover how   tech safeguards health of middle eastern and african residents . phoenix global insights gonna decode them all.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  he calls himself godmother of contemporary rock, puts on his own makeup, and sings "i man" rock with northeastern characteristics "e man". he feels that "cool" equates to real rock and roll, and rock and roll that doesn't cry or laugh, and doesn't eat fireworks of world and "pretend to be fairy" ineffective. once upon time, diplodocus also thought seriously about why fans didn't  en to his lyrics, and his music was only regarded as kind of crazy relaxation. now he has new definition of his music: it’s good if it can bring everyone happiness. liang long once used eight words to define himself as "playing life and having fun". this time he added two more sentences: life short, it must be sexy. "extraordinary tao" takes you into: second-hand roses, first-hand diplodocus  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix ·insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  phoenix.com original | on october 7, new round of conflict broke out between palestinian hamas and israel. helicopters hovered at low altitude, prevention and control alarms sounded, and large number of missiles were intercepted by iron dome. large number of tourists fled everywhere.   tourist xia xia spent frightening 48 hours in tel aviv. she told phoenix.com  "face" about her personal experience: "the most terrifying thing that they attack airport, and you have no way to escape." fortunately, her flight was not grounded. after returning home safely, xia xia still had lingering fears.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please  here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  he can play liu bei and cao cao, which only in entertainment industry so far. from an extra to most outstanding character in hottest movie in 2023 national day season, yu hewei has traveled for decades. he and xu zheng were classmates. faced with his friend  early fame, he he didn't need to torture himself with these things. not wanting to be "best" in entertainment industry, he he was just "an actor."  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  shenzhou 17 aiming to be launched at 11:14 on october 26. astronaut crew for shenzhou 17 manned mission consisted of three astronauts, tang hongbo, tang shengjie, and jiang xinlin, with tang hongbo serving as commander. this crew youngest astronaut crew on average since launch of    space station construction mission. let witness it together!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # phoenix network #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #shenzhou #space #spacestation # #spaceship  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  “survive for minute,happy 60 seconds! "the unique diving method of tianjin uncles and aunties has become popular on internet. they have an opening statement before diving, and with bursts of exclamations or cheers, they somersault into water and win bursts of applause. ifeng.com visited tianjin lion forest bridge, record became "top-class" diving masters and aunts in tianjin.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  coco lee’s funeral and burial ceremony were held at hong kong funeral home on july 31 and august 1. fans came from far and wide to say goodbye to singer, and condolence flower baskets were placed at door. coco lee  body was cremated on august 1, and people from entertainment industry such as yao qian and zhen ni served as support persons. ifeng.com entertainment broadcast live online memorial service and funeral ceremony of coco lee from 16:00-19:00 on july 31 and 9:30-10:30 on august 1. we bid farewell to our dear coco through internet and express our gratitude to her. infinite sorrow.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on july 5, singer coco coco passed away suddenly, but cause of death still unknown and be announced after forensic examination. coco coco lee  memorial service be held in hong kong at 16:00 today (july 31). to commemorate coco coco lee, phoenix entertainment broadcast live broadcast of coco lee  memorial service online from 16:00 to 19:00 today. farewell to our dear coco and express our infinite condolences to her.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  “village ba” getting excited! on june 20, opening ceremony of national hemei rural basketball competition was held in taipan township, taijiang, guizhou. honored coach gong luming, basketball god of war liu yudong, cctv celebrity yu jia and other guests gathered to support team. come and "watch battle in cloud" and feel unique passionate atmosphere!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #basketball #村ba ​#basketball #village #guizhou #guizhou #热血  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at   phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  since may 25, henan province has experienced widespread and continuous rainy weather, which has seriously affected normal maturity and harvest of wheat. some wheat has become moldy, sprouted, and at risk of yield reduction. after "bad rain", special observers from phoenix.com went to zheng'an town, zhengzhou, henan province, to visit wheat fields after rain, and talk to local villagers to learn about disaster situation.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #直播 #livestream #phoenixtv #河南 #马子  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  16 according to   manned space engineering office, at 9:31 on may 30, 2023, beijing time, shenzhou 16 manned spacecraft was launched long march 2f yao 16 carrier rocket of spacecraft was ignited and launched at jiuquan satellite launch center. about 10 minutes later, shenzhou 16 manned spacecraft successfully separated from rocket and entered predetermined orbit. astronaut crew was in good condition and launch was success. success.  after spacecraft enters orbit, it conduct autonomous rapid rendezvous and docking with space station assembly in accordance with predetermined procedures. astronaut crew of shenzhou 16 rotate in orbit with astronaut crew of shenzhou 15. while working and living on space station, shenzhou 16 astronaut crew conduct extravehicular activities, conduct space science experiments, and complete indoor and outdoor equipment.installation, commissioning, maintenance and repairs and other tasks.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # phoenix network #ifeng #livestream #phoenixtv #shenzhou #shenzhou16 #神zhou #神16 # astronaut  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace showcase phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  overseas debt of 980 million? family trust breached? zhang lan, founder of south beauty, responded forcefully, "the cvc fund owes me. i don't owe anyone. how could i bow to evil forces?" what  secret behind controversy? 12:00 ifeng.com finance  "cover" talks to zhang lan, so stay tuned.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng网 #ifeng #直播 #livestream #phoenixtv #张兰 #王小fei #张兰  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very taoist phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  founded in 2013, oxford   forum of largest and most rigorous   academic forums in uk. this online forum (february 25-26, 2023) start from six major themes of ai painting, film art, feminism, education, business, and urbanization. experts, scholars and industry guests in related fields be invited to we show how social ideological trends, economy, art and entertainment of this era  facing changes, and what innovations  encouraged. dai jinhua and other professors gathered at this oxford   forum. welcome to pay attention!  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #live #livestream #phoenixtv  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  · li miao’s japan observation  argentine fans gathered at obelisk in capital buenos aires to celebrate national team’s victory in 2022 qatar world cup. thousands of fans lined up in middle of night to try to catch glimpse of argentine football team that won of greatest world cup finals ever. according to argentine media reports, argentine government has announced national holiday on tuesday, including public and private units, to celebrate national team  world cup victory. according to statistics, population of argentina about 45 million, and capital of buenos aires about 4 million. obelisk can accommodate hundreds of thousands of people by then. it conservatively estimated that 200,000 fans celebrate with national team led by messi. last time to win hercules cup was in 1936, when maradona led team to win championship.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #livestream #phoenixtv #ifeng #phoenix.com #live #argentina #qatarworldcup #obelisk #qatar #qatar2022  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · luyou have date  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  memorial service for former president jiang zemin was held at 10 a.m. in great hall of people in beijing. during period, people across country observed three-minute silence. where there were sirens and air raid sirens, sirens sounded. 3 minutes. memorial meeting for jiang zemin held in great hall of people in beijing on tuesday morning.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #jiangzemin #江泽民 #livestream #phoenixtv #ifeng #ifeng.net #live stream  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on occasion of 14th   air show, long lehao, academician of   academy of engineering, wang chi, academician of   academy of sciences, and "  sky eye" faaerospace experts and international guests such as st chief engineer jiang peng, head of european union delegation to   tuo yaojie, french ambassador to   luo liang gathered at "... 2022 dialogue with world·  aerospace forum" to discuss new future of international cooperation in aerospace industry.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #airshow2022 #airshow #  #phoenixtv #ifeng #ifeng.com  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  now! come join first-ever north asia beauty summit hosted by l’oréal to understand future direction of tomorrow’s beauty industry! don’t miss first-ever north asia beauty industry summit hosted by l’oréal where leading experts discuss future of beauty driven by technology and innovation co-development in  , japan and korea. click above banner to watch livestreaming.  the beauty industry in  , japan and south korea has developed vigorously in recent years and has become an engine promoting innovation and development of global beauty. l'oréal, rotating chairman of ciie exhibitor alliance, hold first " , japan and korea beauty industry innovation summit" in view of unique beauty ecosystem in north asia. with theme of "technological innovation empowers future beauty", it focus on   and japan. future trends and opportunities in golden triangle of korean beauty products, report "decoding new trends in beauty consumption in  , japan and south korea" was released. summit also invite domestic and foreign experts in field to discuss regional cooperation in beauty technology and open innovation to drive coordinated development of beauty industry.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  phoenixwebsite:   :   :   #loreal #beautysummit #northasiabeautysummit #ifeng.com #ifeng #  #japan #korea #beauty  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  on monday local time, national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) posted on its official   account that due to engine failure, moon landing originally scheduled to be launched on august 29 rocket "artemis 1" has canceled its launch, and technical team collecting relevant data on engine fuel leakage. according to media reports, kennedy launch center in florida, which responsible for launch missions, suffered three consecutive lightning strikes on afternoon of august 27. next earliest estimated launch time september 2, but it may be postponed to mid-september or later. "artemis" project regarded as first step in nasa  plan to launch united states' return to moon. spacecraft perform an unmanned test mission around moon. in 1969, american astronauts landed on moon for first time aboard apollo 11. during apollo 17 mission in 1972, nasa sent astronauts to moon for last time.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng #ifeng #news #aerospace #moon landing  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watchwatch more of our exciting videos 👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  on august 7, 2022, coinciding with beginning of autumn, "salute to   studies: fifth     studies ceremony" hosted by phoenix.com was held in wudang mountain, holy land of taoism in  . theme of first summit forum "on tao wudang: traditional culture and healthy life". dozens of experts and scholars in fields of   studies research and practice, cultural tourism, health and wellness, mass communication, business planning and other fields discussed cross-border discussions to explore life-oriented and market-oriented strategies of traditional health-preserving wisdom.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng.com #国学 #culture #tourism #health #wudang  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  starting at 12:00 on 4th, eastern theater command of people’s liberation army launched large-scale live-fire exercise in six sea and air as around taiwan island. some media described this as “lockdown”. taiwan for three days." military experts that this exercise organized first aircraft carrier formation deterrence exercise to build three-dimensional maritime combat system. it was also rarely revealed that nuclear submarines were arranged to cooperate with exercise.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #台 #台 strait #peloxi #ifeng.com #ifeng#news #pelosi’s visit to taiwan  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  if pelosi arrives in #taiwan for visit this time, what kind of impact it have on sino-us relations? what countermeasures mainland   take? how taiwan strait crisis evolve?  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #贝洛西 #台 #台 strait #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · wide view phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao  japan observation  if pelosi arrives in #taiwan for visit this time, what kind of impact it have on sino-us relations? what countermeasures mainland   take? how taiwan strait crisis evolve? "phoenix reference" specially commissioned professor #shi yinhong from school of international relations of renmin university of   to give an exclusive interpretation.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #贝洛西 #台 #台 strait #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  former japanese prime minister shinzo abe was attacked by man while delivering street speech in nara city on morning of 8th. he was shot and fell to ground bleeding. according to japan broadcasting associationnhk reported that abe was in state of cardiac arrest. after resuscitation, he was confirmed dead in afternoon. he was 67 years old. nara police have arrested 40-year-old nara man tetsuya yamama involved in case and searched his residence in nara. after suspect was arrested, he confessed that he was dissatisfied with abe so he assassinated him. reports that suspect had begun preparations this spring. attack abe.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   # abe shinzo #shooting #山 tetsuya #ifeng.com #ifeng#news  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  to celebrate 25th anniversary of hong kong’s return to motherland, leisure and cultural services department held cultural evening show featuring #jackie chan, #andy lau, # alan tam, # nicholas tse, # 陈william ting, # 陈杰伦, #罗家英many well-known hong kong artists perform wonderful performances for audience.  for more latest information, please follow and   to 🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng.com #ifeng#news #the 25th anniversary of establishment of special zone  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix ·insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommended content from ifeng.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 pleasease   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix·date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to  us, watch more of our exciting videos 👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger and talk phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:    :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · wide view phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character story  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation  for more latest information, please follow and   to us🔔 please   here:  ifeng.com:   :   :   #ifeng#ifeng#ifeng网娱乐 #belgium # princess # belgium princess # lignie princess # province pro # paris # study abroad # belgian prince  👉recommendations for exciting content on phoenix.com👈: phoenix · entertainment interview  phoenix · current affairs observation  phoenix · character stories  phoenix · insight into history  phoenix · current political figures   👏welcome to   to and watch more of our exciting videos👏 phoenix · big vision  phoenix·very tao  phoenix · date with luyu  phoenix · warm and cold life  phoenix · closer look at    phoenix · phoenix focus  phoenix · positive face  phoenix · ace show  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · tiger, talk  phoenix · my hong kong story  phoenix · big news and big history  phoenix · willing to be wise man  phoenix · li miao’s japan observation 